1	'1 refugee claim per lifetime'
2	« 3 Mobile and Video Game C…
3	A 15-year-old rural Collins youth, critically injured when he was struck by an auto while walking home Dec. 10, was discharged from Elyria Memorial Hospital Friday.
4	A 16-year-old busboy by the name of Stanley Tomaszewski was blamed by many for starting the blaze.
5	A 19-year-old man has been charged over comments he posted on social media about the Manchester.
6	A 2015 study by the Joint Center for Housing Studies at Harvard University found that families or married couples ages 45-64 accounted for roughly twice the share of renter growth as households under the age of 35.
7	A 20% chance for a few showers, especially in the morning.
8	A 2.5-liter inline-4 engine is standard, but most Colorados leave the factory with a 3.6-liter V-6 rated at 308-horsepower paired to an 8-speed automatic.
9	A 34-year old Deal woman is to be sentenced just days before she is due to give birth - for causing the death of another motorist by driving carelessly.
10	A 7 tool player.
11	Aaron Carter Cries at Gay Club Appearance, Tells Ex-GF, 'Bye, Felicia!'
12	Abandoning sick or injured animals on the front door of the animal shelter after hours is no different than abandoning them somewhere else, shelter administrators say.
13	A BA spokeswoman added: "We're very sorry that some of our customers' travel plans have been affected by severe weather conditions.
14	“Abby is maturing,” said Hankins.
15	Abby Rouland, of Clifton Springs, is a seventh-grader at Midlakes Middle School, where she is a peer leader and Youth 2 Youth Club member.
16	ABC News' Alexander Mallin and Luis Martinez contributed to this report.
17	Abeg make dem send dem go prison if dem don't finish their papa land finish dem go continue their program.
18	A big mud room with a powder room and laundry in an enclosure completes the first floor.
19	Able UK’s founder and chairman Peter Stephenson, 70, said: ‘It’s the biggest single piece we’ve ever received.
20	Abner Herrman & Brock LLC lifted its holdings in shares of International Business Machines Corporation by 15.8% in the 1st quarter.
21	A body camera on a police officer.
22	A body, presumably that of a fisherman who was killed in the cyclone Ockhi, was brought to the Thiruvananthapuram Government Medical College Hospital on Monday.
23	“A bond of mutual offence and defence seems to have been entered into by the two outlaws, and for a time their friendship remained unimpaired,” Mackenzie noted.
24	About 1,000 farmers from Mandalay and Pyin Oo Lwin District were due to discuss issues including land grabs with Mandalay Divisional Farmers’ affairs negotiation committee this morning at the hall.
25	About 337 miles of pipe will cross Minnesota.
26	About 3 p.m. the next day, two hunters were operating a four-wheel-drive vehicle in a wooded area off Sharpersville Road.
27	About 60 contestants tried their skills in simulated hacker attacks, as part of the “Infocom Security” conference on internet security.
28	About 70 percent of sales were composed of streaming equivalent albums, which was a first for a Billboard chart-topper.
29	About 70 percent of the population live in rural areas and depend on agriculture for livelihood.
30	About 96 percent of those who simply retweet the president's words are right-leaning, according to the analysis, while about 54 percent of his replies come from left-leaning users.
31	“About a third of our department has been hired just this year.”
32	About the kidnap, Mericle said, "He's going after people Oliver cares about."
33	About the leak itself Mr Kenny said: “Am I bothered about it?
34	Above, Dakota Mason scored for the Pirates at 5:56 in the second period, with the assists going to Joel Pelletier and Jeff Chalifoux.
35	A brief story of tragedy The cold light of the waiting room was piercing.
36	A British designer has created a unique life-saving evacuation chute which can be adapted to any building - and 'could have emptied Grenfell Tower in 20 minutes'
37	Absent a blockbuster trade (which likely won’t happen), he legitimizes the passing attack.
38	A bullet fired at a 45 degree angle will follow a trajectory and be lethal when it comes down.
39	A calf, a hamstring, even if it’s minor, some fibre damage.’
40	A Calgary Olympic bid: Can it pull us out of the doldrums a second time?
41	“A cartoon character voiced by Hank Azaria, a white guy.
42	A car which can go from 0-to-100 km/hr in under five seconds, has an engine that growls when you push the pedal, has looks that make heads turn and, most importantly, is not something that you take out of your garage only after two in the morning.
43	Accenture holds a new disposition on technology: it being for the people and by the people.
44	Accern also assigned news stories about the transportation company an impact score of 85 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next several days.
45	Acclaimed Steppenwolf artistic director Anna Shapiro is taking the theater's recent production of Straight White Men to Broadway in July 2018.
46	Accommodations at Shusui-en, I discover, are enormous by Japanese standards, and the suites have been recently updated to include comfy bedrooms, Wi-Fi, flat screen TVs, and en suite cypress baths.
47	According to Alex Kennedy of Hoops Hype, the indecision from Gordon Hayward is screwing up the plans of other free agents.
48	According to an outline application submitted to Horsham District Council: “All parts of the new village would be linked by a network of wide, graded, landscaped paths, connecting back to the existing Rapkyns estate.
49	According to a release, the victim was traveling in a navy blue Honda Accord on Saunders Avenue when the Camry allegedly cut them off.
50	According to Bloomberg, Bezos owns 17 per cent of Amazon, which has seen a 40 per cent increase in revenues this year.
51	According to Centrify, the risks arising from breaches and breach reporting can be reduced if organisations take action.
52	According to court records, they found an ad for the business on a prostitution website.
53	According to Delhi Metro officials, the stretch was thrown open to the public two hours after its inauguration.
54	According to EFCC, he acquired the two properties through proceeds of unlawful activities.
55	According to GBRC secretary Denise MacLachlan, a specific date to register as an I&AP has not yet been determined.
56	According to him, it will be an indictment on his person and relations to steal state money at the expense of the poor citizenry and divert such ill-gotten cash into his personal accounts.
57	According to him, the Corps envisaged a high volume of human and vehicular traffic and possible breakdown of some vehicles along these routes.
58	According to him, the NPP government under former president Kufuor put him on leave without pay for eight years and had wanted to reciprocate the same treatment with the then NPP members in similar public offices.
59	According to Lynam, since Northwell has 120 ambulances, one is always nearby with an average response time of six minutes.
60	According to Major Craig, crops in the farms have already started to wilt as the soil is still water logged.
61	According to Mr. Akande, who claimed to be the manager of the spiritual centre, people have been coming to the place for the past one month, and the baby’s parents have not rested due to the huge crowd that keeps coming.
62	According to Nolan, more than time and quality separate his films from all the work that’s come out since.
63	According to police, two officers responded to a burglary call made by the woman, who they say brandished a knife at some point, and both officers shot her dead in her apartment.
64	According to research on health and dieting, the personality type affects the overall health of people.
65	According to Reuters, the drop is the result of investors who “locked in profits from a steep rally amid doubts about future demand in top metals consumer China.”
66	According to Road to the Rose Bowl: 50 Years of Lawry’s Beef Bowl, by Todd Erickson, Lawry’s has been serving prime rib dinners to college football players during the week leading up to the Rose Bowl since the end of the year in 1956.
67	According to Rockets’ GM Rob Sadler, they had 25-30 players turn out for the hour and a half session.
68	According to Rohlik, the experience coaching under Sandelin helped him develop into the coach he is today.
69	According to Scherzer, there's also evidence that "risk variants" of the alpha-synuclein gene can contribute to more common forms of Parkinson's.
70	According to Shannon, most of the Neptune players and even members of management cried when Strickland told them he was leaving.
71	According to Sotheby’s, it’s the only item of its kind available for public purchase.
72	According to the agency, Ekiti State governor, made the allegation.
73	According to the description, the father and son were staying at a Holiday Inn Express when the wifi credentials changed, making the internet unreachable.
74	According to the government’s own estimates, approximately 70% of Azerbaijani GDP in 2016 is now produced through non-oil sectors although this figure might include public investment in utilities and infrastructure paid through oil-related earnings.
75	According to the Indianapolis Fire Department, crews responded to a fire in the 2400 block of North Kitlely Avenue just before 4 a.m.
76	According to the petition, several Teachers left Holt High School because they felt unheard and unappreciated by the Administration.
77	According to the PJ, 54, 67, and 33 cases were reported on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, respectively.
78	According to the police department in Denison, a city some 75 miles north of Dallas, two officers were refused service, and cussed out by a female employee of that franchise when they stopped there to eat shortly after midnight Saturday.
79	According to the report, “political sensitivities and opacity in reporting have resulted in misleading” reports of arms losses in official UN documents.
80	According to the statement, Mr. Tewolde Gebre Mariam, Group CEO Ethiopian Airlines said: “Africa’s share of the Global Aviation is the smallest which is only around three per cent and as the largest airline group in the continent.
81	According to TMZ, Justin's attorneys have asked the judge to limit the possible damage award to a total of $25,000.
82	According to Vladimir Gusakov, Belarus and Russia have launched the development of a new high-resolution satellite vehicle D33.
83	A celebration of life service for Steve Maynor, 62, of Folkston, will be held Friday at 1 p.m. at Evergreen Missionary Baptist Church, 1285 Kinlaw Road, Woodbine, with the church pastor, Dr. Leon Washington, offering words of comfort.
84	A Celebration of Life service will be held on Saturday July 8, 2017 at 1:00 p.m. from Mountain City Funeral Home.
85	A check-in counter will be set up at the Chennai Central Metro Rail station through which air passengers can complete the procedures and head directly to the Chennai airport.
86	A child whose family is Polynesian could dress up using that type of traditional clothing but Moana’s culture is not our culture.
87	A city famed for The Maastricht Treaty and Andre Rieu.”
88	A city spokesman thinks people are becoming more sensitive to abandoned vehicles.
89	A close family member has broken ranks to warn that the firebrand politician is playing a ‘dangerous game’ that could lead to violence on the streets of Holland.
90	A close review of the 78 attacks listed by the White House shows almost all the attacks were reported by the news media and that many were widely covered by local and international outlets.
91	A closing break through the neckline of the S&P 500 at about 2,400 could provide a target of 2,460.
92	A club has to follow the same school rules.
93	A collage of family photos are seen on display at The Tree Wisemans in Ridgefield.
94	A commission studying tenement housing in 1900 found that the "the ‘air shaft’ was the most serious evil of the present tenement.”
95	A common misconception about bad eyesight is that it’s due to weak eye muscles, but in reality, our eye muscles bend the lens more or less to try and focus light onto the right place.
96	A conversation was playing in my mind, with a research colleague who questioned whether we had sufficient data to go ahead and publish.
97	A couple of weeks away from graduation and with 12 college acceptances under his belt, that student, Deonte Hoard, had hoped to attend Michigan State University and play basketball.
98	Acres harvested this year were up 3 percent from last year in North Dakota, with harvesters there combing through 209,000 acres this season, according to the USDA.
99	A crossing Yucatan peninsula port to Morales Mexico winds over fifty miles an hour and at a time lapse.
100	Across the board, undermining the threat they pose requires a more sophisticated approach than investigating their criminal acts as suspected hate crimes.
101	Across the park, saplings of flowering plants planted on a small plot have been drying in the hot sun.
102	A crowd of spectators stands in front of Rembrandt’s masterpiece, Syndics of the Drapers’ Guild, at Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
103	Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI) had its target price upped by Morgan Stanley from $54.00 to $55.00 in a research note issued to investors on Monday.
104	A customer walked into a south Brooklyn bar and asked the bartender, “Do you have any gluten-free beer?”
105	A daily flight leaves Chicago O'Hare at 9:20 a.m. and arrives at Boise at 12:25 p.m. American joins United Airlines as two carriers who provide nonstop service between Boise and Chicago O'Hare.
106	Adam Michaelson, the trust's legal adviser, told SunSport: “This is not good news, in fact it puts the club in mortal danger.
107	ADAMS — A 33-year-old man found dead along a central Wisconsin highway has been identified as Isaac Salinas, who disappeared Sept. 11 in Adams County.
108	Added by Indo American News on July 6, 2017.
109	Add fried chicken to it.
110	Addicted to danger, TV reporter Alix Phillips dodges bullets and bombs to bring the most important news stories to the world.
111	Adding to the misery of congestion and bad road surfacing, people in Tunbridge Wells seem to think they have the divine right to park wherever they please-including on double yellow lines.
112	Additionally, Kizer fumbled three times, losing two.
113	Additionally, the firm should do my essay and enable me to acquire superior superior custom essay which is also affordable.
114	Additionally, there are approximately 32,000 minority-owned small businesses in Detroit, according to the U.S. Census which ranks Detroit as the fourth largest U.S. city for the number of minority-owned businesses.
115	Addressing a poll rally in Shiroda constituency, 40 km from here, he said: “Today, 91 planes come to Goa every day, but after the Mopa airport comes into being, within a year and a half, Goa will get around 250 aeroplanes.
116	Add the multi-year drought that hit California from 2012-2016 (a once-in-a-1,200 year event by some accounts), and heatwaves across the Southwest, and even casual observers can get the sense that something is definitely happening here.
117	Adele and Simon have been together since 2011 and are parents to four-year-old son Angelo.
118	A deputy brigade commander was also formally censured, and more servicemen are expected to be punished in the near future, the officer says.
119	A DIFFERENTLY-ABLE man was killed by a truck as it was attempting to reverse on the Bush Lot Public Road, Berbice Tuesday morning.
120	A dismayed woman wrote: 'Bread is gone.
121	Adkins, who was not wearing a seatbelt, was ejected.
122	Adler recalled that neither wanted the other to perform first, so Phillips flipped a coin.
123	Administration noticed and asked him to turn around a failing Microscopy Center.
124	Admission to the lecture and the Samurai Museum together costs ¥5,000.
125	A dry, cold front is expected to increase temperatures, lower humidity and increase winds across the region through the evening of Tuesday, June 27. These conditions heighten the risk for wildfires and create challenges for initial attack firefighters.
126	Adult moths who stood taller than five men spread their wings by the main stage.
127	Aerts says it’s still hard to know how a potential $15 dollar/hour minimum wage tabled by the BC NDP and BC Federation of Labour could affect small business.
128	A European Commission representative confirmed that the complaint has been received.
129	A Fairfield woman died in a single-vehicle motor vehicle accident early Thursday morning.
130	A family owned favourite for more than 25 years, Bella Italia has flourished since set-up in 1990 by brother and sister team, Caroline and Hugh.
131	A few peeks of sun are possible toward sunset as skies begin to clear overnight and temperatures dip into the 20s for Monday morning.
132	“Affordable housing is a key component of economic growth and stability,” Klein said in a statement.
133	Affordable housing standards and thresholds already spelled out in state law need to be uniformly enforced.
134	“Afghanistan to Morocco: Journeys of Jim and Virginia Goode” displaying the artistic discoveries of a journey spanning the last 50 years.
135	A fight broke out with everyone.
136	A flag, folded in three corners, is placed in a shadow box alongside a Challenge Coin, which gives the definition of a soldier.
137	A football game between Rohingya and Indian youths.
138	A former LSU track and field All-American has signed with an NFL team.
139	A four-point third quarter for the Western Michigan Christian boys basketball team turned a tight game into a 59-45 win for host Mona Shores on Tuesday night.
140	A four-story condominium complex was placed on the south side, immediately across the creek from the eateries.
141	A Fox News spokeswoman, Irena Briganti, sent me an internal correspondence from Kevin Lord, the new head of human resources at Fox News, providing various ways employees can make complaints, including directly to the Paul Weiss firm.
142	A friend got in touch who owned an empty property on the island — although they had to pay £1,000 on top of the money they had lost.
143	After 10 years, he says, the risk drops to roughly 50 percent of that of a continued smoker.
144	After 13 years on 947 breakfast radio, Darren Simpson will move to the afternoon drive and Anele Mdoda will become the first South African woman to take over a commercial breakfast show.
145	After 20 years of leading Faith Community Church in New Richmond, Pastor Mike Evans (left) is turning over the leadership role in the church to Pastor Joshua Maciel.
146	After 522 days, Tiger Woods returns to the PGA Tour on Thursday at the first round of the Farmers Insurance Open.
147	After a few repeat performances of his lame material, I can understand how someone would become annoyed.
148	After a good few miles in this mode, Bullitt decides he’s had enough.
149	After all, how bad could it get?
150	After all, it’s the only head I have, and I want the best for it!
151	After all, SpaceX is boldly going where no spacecraft has gone before: sending Americans into space without taxpayer dollars; and Tesla’s massive gigafactory in the Nevada desert will employ thousands of American workers.
152	After all, while a handful of prototype vehicles for research and development purposes can be expensive, if the mass-market is to adopt driverless cars it’ll need to be competitive on dealership forecourts.
153	After a series of education and enforcement-based initiatives‚ criminals caught on to the crackdown‚ and shifted to the new enticement scam.
154	After a slow start to the season, it looks like things are starting to get going.
155	After assuming office in May 2014, Modi expanded his council of ministers twice — first on November 9, 2014 and then on July 5, 2016.
156	After a week of waiting the Prince starts to worry, after a month he is scared.
157	After becoming president he stopped tax incentives to US companies that create jobs overseas, while offering incentives to those creating jobs at home.
158	After being tied up in a bedsheet and placed in the boot of the car, he was able to free his hands and pulled out fuses from the fuse box.
159	After college, he began making films, including the recently released Garbage Man that touches on a number of highs and lows in Miller’s life.
160	After coming clean to a former coworker, he and a few others ganged up on Lopes for not splitting the winnings as promised.
161	“After depositing the money, I asked for an invoice which was sent to me.”
162	After doing a meet and greets with fans at a local Hot Topic they decide to go across the street to the arena WWE Raw was taking place.
163	After downloading the app and creating a profile, Soldiers can create a customized training plan, log their results to calculate their projected APFT score and identify areas they need to improve.
164	After finally paying off his debts, he thinks about a different kind of life with sweet diner waitress Debora (Lily James), whose smile is like a happy song.
165	After finding his footing in his first game back after missing eight with a concussion, Laine looked more comfortable against the Blackhawks and unleashed his signature one-timer for a power-play goal.
166	After first reading only the headline, I thought perhaps the hosts in question were despicably applauding the attack or calling for more.
167	After giddiness and nausea, exposure to VX quickly progresses to convulsions and respiratory failure before death, which can come within 15 minutes.
168	After giving up two runs in the first two innings, Sparks pitching shut down the Outlaws for the next five innings.
169	After Hillary tries to peddle herself as viable for another presidential run, Donna Brazile promises to “destroy all of this.”
170	After his junior year at Kentucky, he was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals but returned to play his senior year.
171	After his resignation, Hariri spent two weeks in Riyadh amid furious speculation he was being held “hostage” there by Saudi authorities.
172	After hoisting the Vince Lombardi Trophy for the fifth time in his illustrious career, the 3-time NFL Coach of the Year is positioning himself to have a crack at his second repeat.
173	After Ilka Stuhec, Tessa Worley and Denise Feierabend all fell at nearly the same point in the opening super-G, the event was postponed and the start was lowered.
174	After investigating the claim, PeaceHealth fired Kominsky on May 10, 2016.
175	After launch SpaceX will attempt to land the booster on a drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean.
176	After leading Oregon to the Elite Eight as its starting point guard during the 2015-16 season, Benson took a reduced role during Oregon’s Final Four run and came off the bench.
177	After motorcycle champ Elena Myers reported the incident to the Loews Hotel, management responded by giving her a free lunch.
178	After much discussion we decided that a different strategy for re-distribution would be required in relation to the historic dispossession that had taken place in the 19th century and before.
179	After president calls on two questioners who fail to ask about Flynn, reporters from other outlets cry foul.
180	After reinventing herself as the perfectly put-together Catholic mom, Eileen is a little reluctant to embrace this new era of honesty and openness in her family.
181	After several more moons, Arak-O carried more stones up the mountains and more walls rose to as high as trees.
182	After some discussion, the department was advised to check into a system with LED lighting as most other forms are becoming obsolete and bring a report back to us.
183	After South Africa was "unanimously" recommended as World Rugby's preferred candidate for hosting of the 2023 Rugby World Cup, there was a great big huff and puff from its opposition in both Ireland and France.
184	After St. Michael’s, the path takes walkers off of Germantown Avenue as they begin making their way back toward the starting point.
185	After striker Valere Germain went close to making it 2-0, Nancy fluffed a great chance to equalize when midfielder Antony Robic blazed over in the 80th minute.
186	After suffering a wound to his thigh, Mr Ward - known as Archie - drove to Bush Avenue in Ramsgate, where he got out of the car and collapsed in the street.
187	After teams traded early corner kicks, the Bulldogs settled in on offense, but Sirois saved bids by Portland junior Grace Stacey, sophomore Isabella More, Stacey again and junior Sydney Girsch.
188	After the 2017 Key Resolve/Foal Eagle exercises had been completed, the Trump administration sought to increase the pressure once again.
189	After the basic information, the Lactobacillus Acidophilus in Europe market report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied.
190	After the “family photo” group shot, the other leaders convivially walked down the narrow Sicilian streets to their luncheon.
191	After the game Sunday, he mentioned WCCO’s Mark Rosen by name in the context of retirement.
192	After the hearing, the Suraces nodded goodbye to Jackson as sheriff’s deputies escorted her from the courtroom.
193	After their marriage hit the rocks April 2016, the couple have apparently mended fences.
194	After the series ended, they decided to combine their respective talents to bring you this culinary comedy show.
195	After the storm has moved on and the winds has died down, it will take weeks or even months for households to have power again.
196	After the touring party was named, the Sun newspaper published footage that allegedly showed Stokes involved in a street brawl.
197	After the war, he returned to his alma mater, the University of Göttingen, to chair the physics-theory department.
198	After the war he told his family he had worked with the anti-Nazi resistance, helping its members get false papers.
199	After the weather of the previous four weeks, when covers were required to protect the track from rain, there was no need for any such measures as temperatures rose to a thermometer busting 27deg earlier in the day.
200	After the wedding, the 10 to 11 people who were able to attend went to Tidewater Grille in Havre de Grace for lunch.
201	“After the women’s rally, I started this group and had over 100 members in a day, so it just grew organically,” she said.
202	After this, we will frame a comprehensive charge sheet and all those involved in the offence will be brought to book,” Mr. Manickavel said.
203	After two years, she has managed to reconnect with the world of art and has proved that where there’s a will and a passion, there’s a way.
204	After UConn closed within five at 31-26, Vivians scored five straight points to push the lead to 36-26 with 1:52 left in the half.
205	After winning in 57 minutes, Saina Nehwal who also made the World Championship finals in Indonesia two seasons ago, said as much.
206	After working corporate, he began working for the startup Roadhouse.
207	Again, it gets back to treating the platform as its own venue for storytelling — and delivering content there that’s not just a re-hash of stuff that appears elsewhere.
208	Again, my main focus is going to continue to be trying to help these guys as much as I can to prepare for our season this year.”
209	Against arch rivals Eastern Ranges, the ‘Rays came from the clouds to clinch a famous 13-point victory after being down by as much as 51-points early in the third quarter.
210	Again, the pass protection was not where it has to be for us to be a good football team.
211	Again we're shocked to discover that the higher energy environment our solar system experiences, the greater the tightening and finite organizing we see at the cellular level.
212	"Again, we've had that conversation.
213	A gang of ram-raiders have used a stolen crane to smash their way into a petrol station.
214	A good kick off return by Holmes County gave them some life and the ball inside Tiger territory.
215	A great advert for Hellenic League football and an enjoyable one for a crowd of over 70.
216	A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.’
217	A group of more than 2,300 voters in his neighborhood signed a recall petition after he was arrested by State Police last May and indicted by a statewide grand jury last July.
218	A group of people pass the Benton County Courthouse during the March for Science in Corvallis on Saturday.
219	A group of volunteers comprising the Iowa Architectural Foundation have been studying different ideas about how to use signs to tell visitors what there is to see and do in town.
220	Aha, terms not disclosed.
221	Ahh…if only i had known then how much lower Trump could go. i was so innocent.
222	A Hispanic woman walking through her neighborhood wrote that she felt sexually harassed by passengers in a passing car.
223	A hoax letter regarding changes to municipal banking details is being circulated.
224	A huge takeaway from the time alone was to appreciate the people that surround you with while at school.
225	A Human Settlements lawyer says that granting the court application by Marikana residents would have “dire and far-reaching consequences”.
226	Ah yes - the old "it's our fault, but it's really yours" stance.
227	AIADMK leader S. Semmalai says the Governor should act on Sasikala's letter.
228	“Air became cool and over nature a murky looking cloud hung in the northwest.
229	A jury has been selected for the trial of Solidarity TD Paul Murphy and six other men on charges of falsely imprisoning Joan Burton in Tallaght in 2014.
230	A Kenyan student emerged top from a major technology challenge scooping the top prize at the Transform Africa Summit in Rwanda.
231	A knee sprain impacted his junior season, sidelining him from mid-February until his return during the SEC tournament.
232	A Kraft Heinz official did not respond by deadline.
233	A large carport, outbuilding, and water dock complete the property, which, with a little loving and a contemporary refresh, could really shine.
234	A large message reading “1 Town 1 Love” was produced with blue cups and stuck in a fence near the rival high school.
235	Alarmingly, failing to graduate from high school raised the risk of mortality almost as much as smoking.
236	Alas, according to Qudra, “only around 5% to 7% actually reaches the strip.”
237	Alaska started service to Albuquerque from Seattle in 2014.
238	Alastair Clarke, of Clarke Immigration Law in Winnipeg, said that's a mistake.
239	Alas, there was more.
240	A lawsuit by the City of Rye is the only hurdle preventing that privatization to continue, he said.
241	A lawyer for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, which brought the Virginia case on behalf of multiple clients, said he will appeal to the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond.
242	Albans) shared a message with the community over the weekend in reaction to the incidents, asking constituents to remain vigilant and intolerant of gun violence as the summer months approach.
243	Albert Steiner and Michael Schutterle each had two hits and three RBI’s.
244	Alderney States say travel is their top priority, as part of plans to create a strong and stable economy.
245	Alders are holding $1 million of that money in sequestration pending the outcome of deliberations in Hartford over a new state budget.
246	A league spokesperson only commented that it’s possible Timberlake won’t have any guests for the Super Bowl performance during the halftime show.
247	A league where you cannot ascertain how much transfer fees were paid, one in which the administrators grow pot bellies while the players labour on with spindly legs is not an environment conducive for growth.
248	A lesbian friend of mine corrected me when I complained about men seeking sex in public bathrooms and such.
249	Alexander said that currently the center doesn’t offer any programs to lower costs of these contraceptives for women without insurance, but can help with paperwork for financial assistance programs for which some women will qualify.
250	ALEXANDRIA, Va. — More than 100 people in the U.S. have been charged with trying to help the Islamic State, or trying to join it, but Mohamad Khweis stood out because he succeeded.
251	Algorithmic bias is a critical issue in the justice system, which often relies on algorithmic risk assessments to inform criminal sentencing in federal court.
252	A limited number of studies relating to quality of treatment and prescription audits for asthma also showed irrational prescribing, poor asthma knowledge by doctors and poor quality of care for asthma patients.
253	Ali said don’t prep too much and don’t think too hard.
254	A list of materials will be provided upon registration for $25 materials fee or participants may supply their own.
255	A little girl from Tuscon, Arizona in U.S. who suffered from a rare condition causing such debilitating and dangerous seizures that she was put into a coma, has been cured by cannabis.
256	All across the country, people felt they’d really lost.
257	All and all, it was a win not just in the standings, but in perception for a franchise who could have expected much worse when they saw the CFL schedule them with a mid-summer Monday date.
258	All are 5K run/walks.
259	Allegation: Money owed for rental of garments: $11,792.
260	All eggs and supplies will be provided.
261	Allen Bohnert, a federal public defender in Ohio who represents Phillips, said his legal team was looking forward “to presenting compelling evidence to the full sixth circuit panel regarding midazolam’s unsuitability as an execution drug”.
262	All government departments, ministries must be fully coordinated to focus on the aspirations in this plan.
263	“All Night Long” is performed in a style that all fans will find delightfully familiar, but “Marlene Dietrich’s Favourite Poem” gets a novel and innovative treatment as far as the accompaniment, while the vocals are faithful to the original.
264	All of the original art will be auctioned Friday night to support victims and survivors.
265	All of this requires a certain expertise in civil rights and nondiscrimination laws, which Dreiband will surely bring to the job.
266	All of us were disappointed by the outcome in Canton, but we weren’t surprised.
267	All Photography By Alden Bonecutter.
268	All set: India captain Rani Rampal is hoping for another collective effort from the players.
269	All six are to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Friday.
270	All that is a bit hard to prove, if only because the government's tax-take fluctuates naturally with the growth or decline of the economy from year to year, making the effects of lower or higher tax rates a bit hard to disentangle.
271	All the candidates are seeking to woo the huge number of undecideds – some 31 percent of those likely to vote, according to an Ipsos poll on Friday.
272	All the cats are male, except for one female, which is blind.
273	All the cats rounded up have been taken to vets to be neutered and tested for feline aids.
274	All the principles are a part of a package, he explained.
275	All the private lands will be acquired with the permission of the people and they will be sufficiently compensated, the government said.
276	All the same, enough is more than enough.
277	“All these agencies in the community that provide housing assistance report that they have long waiting lists for people that need help with housing affordability,” Toomay said.
278	All this has become very controversial, especially since Saudi has been so widely attacked for being too indiscriminate in its bombing campaign and for imposing these blockades.
279	All this is in addition to promising personal characteristics: Kinew is relatively young and can be a charismatic speaker.
280	All three riders held racing licences in different countries, so the decision was in the hands of the respective national federations.
281	All told, Greenberg spent three full seasons and a part of two others during his prime playing years and was fully prepared never to play baseball again.
282	Alluding to the comet's long tail, Vespasian insisted the omen could not be for him, for he was bald.
283	“All we can do is see how the devices perform against the gold-standard clinical measures,” she said.
284	All we can say is, ABC, you’re no CNN.
285	All we have to do is find out what is not right and correct it.
286	'Almost as soon as I saw it, I wanted it in the music room.
287	A local congregation was host to their denomination’s annual conference last week.
288	Alongside, crispy-on-the-outside, fluffy in the middle fries, coleslaw, and a bright yellow half-cob of corn.
289	“Alongside the increased number of travel options, our service is tailored for our Nigerian customers, offering regional cuisine using local ingredients and showing popular Nollywood blockbusters as part of our inflight entertainment,” he added.
290	Along with these changes, GE has appointed a new CEO — John L. Flannery — who has been ruffling some feathers.
291	Alopecia areata causes the immune system to adversely affect hair follicles and can be caused by stress.
292	“A lot of guys doubted us winning (Game 6) at home,” Wizards point guard John Wall said.
293	A lot of his job involves the rehab of houses and apartments into affordable residences.
294	“A lot of people are convinced by their partners they’re going mad and it’s all in their heads so when we tell them they’re right there’s sheer relief,” she said.
295	“A lot of people go, ‘Oh you work with hippos, they’re the most dangerous animal in Africa, aren’t they?’
296	Already, there are growing concerns that some private companies might have overstated cotton inputs they gave to farmers to obtain buying licenses during selling season.
297	Alright, well there's Brenton Thwaites as a blandly handsome young ally for Sparrow on his quest.
298	Al Shabaab has frequently mounted deadly cross-border attacks on Kenyan soil.
299	Also, Ambassador Hoagland added that the new US co-chair possesses full information on the Nagorno-Karabakh peace process, and is ready to assume his duties.
300	Also, Director Diosdado P. Banatao sold 9,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 23rd.
301	Also do not forget that they came back from 0-2 down to make it 2-2 against Kyrgyz Republic.
302	Also, EVP Beverly K. Goulet sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 1st.
303	Also, EVP Harri U. Kulovaara sold 7,527 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st.
304	Also fuck Patriotism.
305	Also in October, Wizkid had hinted of more jams with 6God, Drake.
306	Also, insider Moncef Slaoui bought 56 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th.
307	Also, it is the most common cause of dementia among older adults.
308	Also, it would be tricky to balance construction while still maintaining a sheriff’s office and jail at the site.
309	Also Laura Jenkins from Washington has been under the weather.
310	Also lounging on the outdoor patio on a bitterly cold December morning was Anna Martindale, a longtime First Baptist Church member, who was battling the frigid weather with a Chai Tea Latte.
311	Also, Mac has continued a short run of amazing animations to accompany each of his tunes from ‘This Old Dog’ so far.
312	Also on Tuesday, police arrested James R. Ross, 37, of 90 Norfolk St., Fall River, on charges of breaking and entering in the daytime for a felony, assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and threat to commit a crime.
313	Also, organizations such as the Hazing Prevention Consortium are forming initiatives with individual colleges to develop campus strategies.
314	Alsop credited those county department heads with making tough decisions, holding empty jobs open and changing the way they handle department spending from a one-year approach to a multi-year strategic plan.
315	Also, since it grows a little higher than ground level, risk of contamination is comparatively low.
316	Also speaking, Romoke Fashola, a yam seller, said that six tubers of yam that previously cost 3,000, now sells for N1, 200 while the price of 60 tubers of yam had dropped to N18,000 from N30,000.
317	Also ten strikes hit other various areas in the same district.
318	Also, the Bitumen Market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered.
319	Also, the issue of labour shortage and rising wages has driven Indian farmers to adopt mechanisation.
320	Also, the nation’s nighttime low temperature was the hottest on record, a key issue because it hurts agriculture, costs more in air conditioning and makes it harder for people’s bodies to recover from the summer heat, Arndt said.
321	Also, the Potable Water Tank Coatings Market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered.
322	Also, they certainly do enjoy a few post-run beverage or two… or 20!
323	Also, traumatic accidents and injuries are other conditions that can lead to emergency surgical procedures, thereby impelling the growth prospects of this market by the end of 2022.
324	Also Tuesday, the Senate Intelligence Committee planned a hearing on intelligence agencies' conclusion that Russia meddled in the U.S. election by hacking and distributing Democratic party emails to help Trump win the White House.
325	Also, TVA customers can add Energy Star-qualified storm windows to single-pane windows, scoring rebates of $12.50 per window.
326	Also, you must give parked or stopped buses at least three feet of space.
327	Altavilla finally ended the frame by striking out Andrew Benintendi, and after another walk in the inning, getting Hanley Ramirez to fly out.
328	Although, 43% are opposed to a bear hunting specifically.
329	Although as Shamorza113 says, “I truly believe in miracles because commonsense says no woman would ever want to have sex with me, but it did in fact happen several times.”
330	Although G-Eazy's last album was in 2015, he continued to deliver new music, including a collaborative EP with Carnage titled Step Brothers, and singles like Maximum,” “Eyes Closed,” “Special Love,” “Get Mine,” and “Shake It Up.”
331	Although he will start at strong safety, the rookie can be slotted in as a linebacker at times if needed.
332	Although it is the busiest of the city’s four metro lines, it has seen no major renovation since its completion.
333	Although it required immediate medical attention, the actor did not let that interfere while he was shooting for his part.
334	Although it's not an ASEAN member, China can exert its influence on allies like ASEAN member Cambodia to reject any move it deems inimical to its interests.
335	Although it’s tempting to say the song is more relevant now than ever, Reid insists that “Cult Of Personality” never quite goes out of style and that it’s not really a political song.
336	Although MFMD reported the children did not sustain injuries, Pitassi said two of the minors were transported to Chandler Regional Center as a precaution.
337	Although MPs were mostly critical of her work, they seem to have agreed that replacing the minister a year before the election is not sensible.
338	Although Omar refused to answer questions yesterday, sources close to him said the alleged full amounts had been paid up, and that IBB had done nothing wrong.
339	Although our journey along this competition ended after Round 1, Amber is a rockstar in our eyes!
340	Although that is admirable there is another aspect that makes this a particularly notable story.
341	Although the Blues boss continues to publicly back all three contenders.
342	Although this mutation is likely a huge piece of the Zika puzzle, it's not the complete picture, she says.
343	Although vague, it sounds pretty much identical to what fans are used to in Destiny 1‘s expansions.
344	Although we’re still in the early days of NVMe storage and networked NVMe over Fibre Channel, these technologies are already infusing the industry with new energy and innovation.
345	Although women account for 54% of the labour force, they remain severely marginalised, and lack the means to ensure a sustainable livelihood because they are underpaid and work within the informal sector.
346	“AltRight.com is being launched at a remarkable time, a point in which alt-right and identitarian ideas are becoming more mainstream than ever,” the media organization’s Facebook reads.
347	Altznauer and Collins graduate, but look for this program’s excellence to continue in 2018.
348	Always filled with remorse after they get caught.
349	A male construction worker was rushed to hospital in serious condition after a panel fell on him at an East Bayfront construction site.
350	A man goes out for a stroll on his land.
351	A man has died and nine people have been hospitalised after a man drove a van into worshippers near a north London mosque.
352	A man who disguised as a female prostitute popularly known by the name Jennifer Kpaakpa in Makurdi on Thurdsay confessed to have slept with over 1000 men in the past five years.
353	A man who operated a teaching museum within the Mexican police checked out the ax from a police property room in the 1940s.
354	Amazingly, President Lungu seems to be bored at state house hence his lobbying for international trips and inviting himself to those countries the reason he is always embarking on official visits rather than state visits.
355	Amazon hopes to reach a wider range of consumers by expanding its Prime subscription service, but the results in 2017 remain to be seen.
356	Amazon India Prime members get access to top deals 30 minutes before non-Prime members.
357	Amazon is also expected to help Whole Foods fight its "Whole Paycheck" image by cutting costs and lowering prices.
358	Ambient lighting estimation Scale estimation Support for Unity, Unreal, SceneKit Xcode app templates Building for ARKitDevelopers can build AR solutions using Apple’s state-of-the-art computer vision technologies.
359	American diplomats' comfort with Tillerson gives way to unease.
360	American Jack Sock plays Zverev later on the Thursday and the winner will join Federer in the semis.
361	American Medical Association President Andrew Gurman said in a statement that "millions of Americans will lose their health insurance as a direct result of this proposal."
362	American Reese, the 2012 Olympic champion in this stadium five summers ago, then took control with her third-round 7.02m, before Klishina almost stole gold in the final round.
363	America, rightly so, because I was witness to it -- rightly so, America supported the disintegration of Soviet Union.
364	America’s right, the source of most terrorist acts in the country, loves to see violence from the left because it justifies its thirst for more.
365	A message on the website read: 'Sorry, Virgin Money Giving is unavailable at the moment.
366	A message posted on the website of Ohio Republican Gov. John Kasich said “You will be held accountable Trump, you and all your people for every drop of blood flowing in Muslim countries.”
367	A message these students are sure to take with them.
368	A metered paywall is now in effect for Businessweek content online and readers without membership will have access to four free stories per month.
369	Amid rhythmic beatings of traditional drums in a drizzle, the community-based tourism programme titled “A village experience” organised by the district administration as part of the World Tourism Day celebrations, was launched here on Wednesday.
370	Amid the swirling probes, the city commission in July narrowly voted 3-2 — led by Mayor Taylor — to approve Brown as the new city manager over concerns from the state oversight board.
371	A miracle attributed to Fr Sullivan was recognised by the Vatican last year.
372	Am I trying to go back to the 1950s?
373	Amnesty International on Saturday called on Trump to raise the issue with Duterte, either publicly or privately.
374	Among his more recent victims was actress Leslie Jones.
375	Among households that did not consult a health professional, 49% responded that they did not do so for financial reasons.
376	Among its many achievements, the greatest achievement was the discovery of the widespread presence of water molecules in the lunar soil.
377	Among major carriers flying international traffic to and from India, Dubai’s Emirates rank third with 9.5 per cent market share following Air India and Jet Airways closely, as per the latest data compiled by Indian aviation regulator DGCA.
378	Among other rivals, the company was competing with Amazon, the Seattle-bred online retailing behemoth, and out-of-town technology companies entering or expanding in the market, including Google, Facebook and Uber.
379	Among people who voted Labour at the 2015 election, 50 per cent approve of the party’s current leader while 28 per cent do not.
380	Among the many coffee chains near campus — Starbucks, Dunkin’ Donuts and Crazy Mocha — a new, independent coffee shop has opened right in Oakland.
381	Among those lynched were ten black soldiers, some still wearing their uniforms.”
382	Among those trying is the Spokane Symphony.
383	A month later, the party organised a House of Lords event on the European Arrest Warrant with Assange's lawyer as the star guest.
384	“A more compact pumper-ladder truck is more appropriate for the narrow streets already in the city as well as additional narrow streets anticipated in the city’s future development.
385	A motorbike rider who hit and killed a pensioner as he got off the bus when she checked to see how far over the 30mph speed limit she was has been spared jail.
386	A mouse and an otter fly through the air in a trailer, attempting to get from one side of a city to the other before going to sea.
387	A move that any kama’aina would appreciate in an attempt to avoid “bachi” loosely defined locally as “jinxing” yourself.
388	A movie based on the book series has been in development hell since the year the first book was released.
389	A movie like gun battle between the Military and the robbers.
390	Amsel is also facing charges in connection with a 2013 explosion at his ex-wife's home.
391	AmTrust named one of its executives focused on merger as its new chief financial officer.
392	Amusan said that the offence contravened Section 509 of the Criminal Code, Laws of Oyo State 2000.
393	An 18-year-old female was arrested at the 2000 block of Conifer Avenue NW.
394	An $85 million distribution center is coming to Cecil County’s Principo Business Park between North East and Perryville.
395	•An accident with a deer was reported on Hwy. 98 near Lord and Stephens Funeral Home.
396	An aging workforce generally leads to lower productivity as workers skills tend to increase then decline as they get older, lowering innovation and productivity.
397	Analysis Sawhorse Market with Comparison, Supply, Consumption and Import and Export.
398	Analyst one year targets revealed ten highest yield "safer" Russell 2000 Index stocks could produced 35.81% more gain from $5k invested in the lowest priced five than from the same amount in all ten.
399	Analysts anticipate that Energizer Holdings, Inc. will post $2.92 EPS for the current year.
400	Analysts anticipate that Occidental Petroleum Corporation will post $0.64 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
401	Analysts at Bain say Amazon is expected to take half of the holiday season's sales growth.
402	Analysts had projected $553 million, according to FactSet.
403	An ambulance is clearly justified if you or someone you’re with is unconscious, bleeding heavily, can’t breathe, or can’t be transported safely any other way.
404	An American might say: ‘When we get to that point, we’ll figure out what to do.
405	An antibiotic is prescribed to treat a bacteria infection.
406	An arbitrator’s decision document reported Paddock as incurring more than $32,000 in medical bills and that he wanted additional sums of money for pain and suffering following the slip.
407	An Ariana Grande fan, still wearing a T-shirt featuring the American singer and carrying balloons from Monday night's concert, leaves a hotel in Manchester on Tuesday following the suicide bombing that left 22 dead and 59 wounded.
408	A native of Fort Dodge, he attended St. Edmond High School in Fort Dodge, Loras College, Dubuque; St. Mary Seminary, Baltimore, Md. and Kenrick Seminary, St. Louis, Mo.
409	An attempt was made to reach Mr. Webb for comment, but the phone number listed for his business is no longer active.
410	An awful lot happened in last night's episode of The Flash, but did you spot this massive Wonder Woman Easter Egg?
411	ANC logo versus Dr Makhosi Khoza's African Democratic Change pic.
412	And 61 percent of these firms have no female partners at all.
413	And after all your adventures, unwind with a 70 minute massage on the beach for around $40.
414	And after each of Tennessee’s 95 counties posted decreased unemployment rates in August, for the first time ever, it happened again in September.
415	And, all those women finished the race, and beat most of their male friends who did it.”
416	And a low score is an electoral impediment, especially in the South.
417	And also, it shouldn’t be thus, but I felt like I was speaking to different audiences.”
418	And a manifesto commitment to merge British Transport Police, the Civil Nuclear Constabulary and the Ministry of Defence Police to create a new “national infrastructure police force” has been kicked into touch.
419	And America honors their sacrifice.
420	And as of Nov. 15, it has officially become the highest-grossing movie of all time in Mexico) since it hit theaters there on Oct. 27.
421	And at one point Lizzie remembers a family meal and her stepmother slurping from her spoon: “I watched her tongue flick her lips, gray and thick.
422	And at the same time, it’s crazy bumpy.
423	And because of more beef being exported, U.S. beef producers can expect more volatility in the future.
424	And because they hated Christmas.
425	And (Caleb) said, “I know dad.”
426	And celebrities, once seen as gimmicky speakers, are now heavily recruited by colleges.
427	And coaches, scouts, and even trainers are consulted as the Yankees seek to find answers to what happened.
428	And despite becoming a roaring success in the world of style thanks to magazine covers and red carpet appearances, Serena still worries about doing well in the business, as she added, “Fashion is hard; harder than tennis.
429	And each trip to the garage bin gets more laden than the last.
430	And, elevated blood pressure can create increased resistance that the heart has to pump against.
431	‘And especially when I was speaking about the violence of white people.
432	And even if a person knows what to do, not everyone can get out of a bad situation.
433	And finally, we are always looking at opportunities to acquire technology companies that can provide us with capabilities we do not already have in house.
434	And for almost a decade, the 1st Judicial Dist. let the city’s prosecutors run a forfeiture ‘courtroom,’ the infamous Courtroom 478, with no judge or jury.”
435	And for anybody to suggest that he would stay here for back up money your your item.
436	And for her ideas, well, protectinism was always popular, especially in the left.
437	And good old Andrew Zimmern printed the whole recipe from Gemignani’s book, the Pizza Bible, so you can read it in all the glorious detail.
438	And he didn't hesitate to ship him out of Detroit we did not confident with the Ronald.
439	And he got away with it thanks to owning and running the island of Mallorca, with a vast army of police, lawyers and politicians eating out of his pocket.
440	“And he is the man back there.”
441	And here they were, generating thrills like they had done since Nadal won their first encounter, in the first round in Miami 13 years ago.
442	And he’s certainly got the chops as an award-winning young performer, who earned recording and publishing deals before turning 20. But for Hendricks, it all comes down to that voice.
443	And he's in Ada is in New York all star game.
444	And hopefully when we get them, they’ll get them to the White House also.
445	And I also had an attraction towards media…so at the time, I thought karte karte kar lungi.
446	And if a trained police officer conducting a battery of tests can't tell with certainty if a driver is impaired at 0.05, are we really asking bartenders or waiters and waitresses to make those calls when they're deciding whether to stop serving a patron?
447	And if benefits are taken early and sums invested well, the gap closes.
448	And if Democratic Party leadership isn’t going to call him out on this, then it’s up to us.
449	And if I owe anything to anybody, it's one guy, and that's Steve Price.
450	And if it does not see it, then something is wrong.
451	And if more die, it will probably happen slowly and lead to obvious questions about whether the aid arrived quickly enough.
452	And if spinning the news a little here and there makes that happen then so much the better.
453	And if there’s no match, or even a company plan?
454	And if we can improve from what we have achieved so far, the future is encouraging.”
455	And if you don't like it, if you don't like it with your whole being, then go do something else.
456	And if you’re taking your time in the left lane, keeping people from trying to get through, it makes it more frustrating and that increases road rage.”
457	And I kid, I promise.
458	AND I’ll bet nobody at Trump’s meeting thought of it either.
459	And I’m happy to report that we had a record collections quarter in Q3, with $75 million in collections, up $7.3 million or 11% from Q2.
460	And I’m not convinced, as other participants are, that it’s going to come imminently.
461	And I’m sure the State Dept. folks that can (i.e. the ones that we need to stay) are doing the same.
462	“And I’m willing to compromise.
463	And in a promotional video for the product, she said, “My favorite thing to talk about are the things you’re not supposed to talk about.”
464	“And I say this with pride that I am a Hindustani (Indian) Muslim,” Abdullah added.
465	“And it must be stated that those actions are questionable.
466	And it’s sorted by popular use cases, such as being at an airport or ordering at a restaurant.
467	And it's very personal for me too.
468	And it was just about finding that right moment and right record.
469	And it was the first time a vice president cast any tiebreaker in the Senate since Dick Cheney did so nine years ago.
470	And it won’t be tolerated in the North.
471	And I want to be happy."
472	And just bought some yesterday.
473	And Kyiv is also the city hosting the national selection in Ukraine at Kyiv Polytechnic Institute for the semi-finals, and at the Art and Culture Center "KPI" for the finals.
474	And like all criminal laws.
475	And like with any other stream of consciousness, some connections will be harder to understand than others.
476	And Lineker with his idiotic emotional comments as usual with his followers.
477	And l wholeheartedly agree with the highly revered monarch, because l can relate to the fact that nothing happens without God’s knowledge.
478	And many of them duck allegations and legal consequences for years or even decades – right up until the gratifying day that their victims finally take them down.
479	And many of them have made it clear, when they go online, they go to Amazon.
480	And maybe even buying them a new car.
481	And meanwhile you return to a state of having 3 legit 3pt threats in the starting lineup.
482	And members of the LGBTI community cannot actively advocate for their rights when same-sex acts between men are illegal in more than 70 countries.
483	And Metallica are always looking for an opportunity to pull off something unexpected.
484	And no one seemed to be given pause by the fact that the brand’s most famous son had mainlined a fatal speedball just across the street.
485	And not allow the US to push it into a War with China.
486	'And not always is anything known about them in the police records.
487	And obviously loads of the star’s 377k followers took to social media to share their support with the former Countdown star, with one fan writing: ‘Thinking of you all x’, and another adding: ‘So sorry to hear that.
488	And, of course, his movie Fate Of The Furious is still in the theaters.
489	And of course this applies to books and music, too.
490	And once again the United States intervened.
491	And once they get out.
492	And on Facebook, she is just shy of a million and a half followers.
493	And on the more basic question of what Congress should be doing, PPP found 32 percent wanting to “repeal the Affordable Care Act and start all over with a new healthcare law,” and 63 percent preferring to “keep what works and fix what doesn’t” in the ACA.
494	And on Verlander’s very first batter, Andrew Benintendi gave the Astros ace a rude welcome.
495	And our wage structure is very important to us.
496	And our work is paying off.
497	And, Randi Weingarten, we'd like to ask you to stay with us.
498	Andrea Blanford will be live from Charlottesville Sunday night.
499	Andre Chabot wants to fine landlords for advertising illegal secondary suites.
500	And regardless of what I think of my body that day, I know that nobody can take who I am away from me.”
501	And respect for the equal dignity of each human being requires toleration of individual’s speech even when that expression is overwhelmingly unpopular.
502	Andre Wright's loan spell at Yeovil Town lasted just 24 hours.
503	Android ransomware is also attracting cyber criminals.
504	And she decided to prove it again with this hot workout video.
505	And she replied: “No, I cut him.”
506	And so if someone says they like my music and I’m like, ‘Well, this song is about a hot dog’ and then they’re like, ‘Oh, I thought that was about a hamburger,’ then it destroys the effect.”
507	And so it appears do you see some industry turning around that is attributable to the improvement or do you see the new sales director that has been significant in helping you achieve what you want to achieve.
508	And some 3,500 US troops arrived in Poland last month, along with tanks and heavy equipment – one of the largest deployments of US forces in Europe since the Cold War.
509	And some conversations focused on terrorizing Charlottesville residents.
510	And some of these people are coming in from the Florida Keys, which are facing a direct hit.
511	And some people are wondering why we even care.
512	And so to the Muslim Brotherhood, a group Republican senators have repeatedly tried to ban in the US for "terrorist" links.
513	And sure, it’s unlikely we’ll Hayward on the court again this season.
514	And that is exactly what I did no?
515	“And that is why it is important that people who are media operatives are trained in the use of this powerful tool.
516	And that launch is happening Thursday.
517	And that might have been difficult for some people.
518	And that’s exactly the way Democrats want it so they can continue to slap Republicans with the “racist” label.
519	And that’s exactly what’s needed for an effective desalination process.
520	And that's if they survive and don't end up getting shot on the way out of the bank, or crashing into something in their escape.
521	And that’s just the end of their lives.
522	And that’s why those signs say, “I am human.”
523	And the 2017 Yankees need all the rekindled hopes they can get right now.
524	And the Bruins are team with a cause.
525	And the ‘Caps couldn’t convert any of theirs, including a 70th minute free kick that Cristian Techera powered off the crossbar.
526	And the cost of groceries has me just snacking on leftover smoothies and guacamole until I get paid on Friday.
527	And the cost of this care is staggering.
528	And the Dukes challenged the Panthers to advance to the final.
529	And the flame bartenders aren't going too far, either.
530	And their popularity is growing, as a year prior that figure stood at 25 percent.
531	And the Labour government, always excellent at playing political poker, has created the perfect opportunity for them to show their fangs.
532	And the Michigan Economic Growth Authority “had no authority over economic growth in Michigan.
533	And then he turned around, and then they just stabbed him multiple times, as well.”
534	And then she stepped outside for her crystal therapy appointment.
535	And then, there is that all-important contingency factor – injuries.
536	And the other departments also have aging firefighters on the departments.
537	And the party we threw to thank Dallas for letting us fly?
538	And there are certainly quarterbacks who don’t do a great job of that.
539	And therefore also his non-existence.
540	And there’s always another way of finding the sweetness and charm in it.
541	And, there’s going to be an educational seminar for all members of our organization that 90 percent of our brothers need to attend.
542	And there was a woman who for eighteen years had had an illness caused by a spirit (demon).
543	And these are legitimately good stories for Trump to tell.
544	And the season before.
545	And they do things really, really well.”
546	And they said it with such authority.
547	And this correlates to insulting the anthem.
548	And this isn’t good for students.
549	“And this is what has been done here.”
550	And this video, from Al Jazeera, shows an Burmese security forces firing in civilians that are fleeing the country.
551	And to his point about quality of community, it often is the community that makes such investments happen, such as the play-area overhaul early this decade.
552	And tomaters, although the yankee perfessers insist upon calling them toMAHtoes.
553	And Trump leased the building from the General Services Administration.
554	And try, sometimes, to think of others before yourself.
555	And we don’t use that excuse for the senior teams.
556	“And we hope that they would, as such, refrain from using tight-fitting dresses and use loose (less physically-revealing, less physically-accentuating) dresses instead.”
557	And we – I think we feel pretty good about being able to do that.
558	And we’ll miss you Glenn+!
559	And we needed it in that moment,” Valeri said.
560	And we need to prepare now!
561	And we’ve learned that the illicit trade in heritage can far outlive the conflicts that created them, and that peace can, counterintuitively, open up new markets and buyers for antiquities.
562	And what are the policy changes we need to make to effect that?”
563	"And what do you do when the police come?
564	And what he tells us isn’t just that he’s not that guy (it’s a role he stumbled into).
565	And what we learned is, when push came to shove, Congress did not want to have to vote on the question.
566	And when they go wrong I’ll just buy another one.
567	And while he believed that the “rabid and leading secessionists” should have to pay for their disloyalty, James also knew that every piece of restored property meant less rental revenue for the Freedmen’s Bureau’s coffers.
568	“And while I may have fucked up & still have so many more fuck ups in me on so many levels, one thing that’s never gon change is how I consider you….
569	And why do they do what they do?
570	And with Chelsea next in action at Stoke five days later, Conte could field his first-choice line-up against United.
571	And with more and more people—especially younger people—cutting the cord to their cable services, WhyFly has found its market.
572	And yet, it was too clever to even presume.
573	And you know guys I was so I got goosebumps not a good way at all when I read that you know what that they killed in the bomb hit wanted to address.
574	An earlier version of this story suggested the Monkland Avenue festivals would be cancelled because they were denied funding from the borough.
575	Anecdotally, dairy is a dream killer.
576	An economist once said the two things most capable of destroying the fabric of a city were a bomb and rent controls.
577	An EEG measures electrical impulses in the brain.
578	An egg drop experiment (when you make a structure to protect a raw egg from a high fall) doesn’t go to plan due to a last minute four-legged intervention.
579	A neighbor says the another man showed up later, started pistol whipping the man who was arguing with the woman and then shot him.
580	An elated Mr. Osundun, after being sworn in, pledged his continued loyalty to the association, calling for more harmony within the sports writing fraternity.
581	An Energy Northwest recruiter called it a great early-on-the-job interview.
582	An epidemic in Nepal too can be a cause of worry for India.
583	A new day is on the horizon for Springfield Victory Mission Inc., and new Executive Director Jason Hynson is at the helm.
584	A new provision empowered officers to raid homes and offices without having to provide any reason.
585	A new Republican health care plan keeps much of the basic framework set up by Obamacare, adding a conservative twist, analysts say.
586	A new study suggests wide swaths of northern India, southern Pakistan and parts of Bangladesh may become so hot and humid by the end of the century.
587	A New Visitor Services Model for Alberta recommends upgrading online tools, developing a social media presence, and designing a mobile kiosk as some of the ways to reach more visitors and influence their stay in the province.
588	A new World Health Organization survey that in some countries roughly 10 percent of the people who start antiretroviral therapy have a virus that defies easy treatment, greatly increasing the costs of care and diminishing treatment success.
589	An exchange of fire took place between the Uttar Pradesh ATS and a terror suspect in Lucknow today,” he said.
590	An FIR under the sections 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) and 166-A ( public servant disobeying law, with intent to cause injury to any person) of the IPC has been registered against the head constable.
591	Animal complaint — 1100 block of S. Walnut St., Mt. Pleasant, Dec. 28.
592	Animal products have different chemical compositions, so their molecules react to energy from the laser in different ways.
593	Animals Best Friends is having their second annual Book Sale on June 10 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the ABF facility, 2302 S. Crysler Ave., Independence.
594	An Israeli court had charged Raed Saleh, a prominent Palestinian cleric, with incitement to terrorism, the justice ministry said.
595	An MRI on Monday confirmed a left ACL tear, sources said; Meredith was being tested for further damage, too.
596	An MTA worker eventually opened the door with the key and offered her medical assistance, which she declined, authorities said.
597	Annan PC gets awardReady to RUM-ble in DaltonCommonwealth call upDrop in road smashesFarming star in DumfriesCooking major cause of firesFlu jab plea to mums-to-beSearch all stories »
598	An occupant of the car died at the scene, but police have not provided any information on his or her identity.
599	An officer’s word is supposed to be his bond, but Walnuts tossed that totally out the window to get the nomination in 2008.
600	An old mural decorated an interior wall of a new property leased by Snap, Inc. on Market Street in the Venice Beach area of Los Angeles Thursday, March 2, 2017.
601	An online video posted by Ansar al-Furqan claimed the attack and showed what it described as a pipeline near Omidiyeh.
602	An Orlando resident was killed on Thursday after his motorcycle hit a vehicle on Orange Blossom Trail in Osceola County.
603	A North Mankato man serving community service after a conviction for car theft is accused of walking away from the job, stealing a car, and crashing it on Saturday.
604	Another achievement for the club is its 90th anniversary this year.
605	Another area of potentially heavy snow Friday into Friday evening will be in western Natrona County including Hiland, Waltman and Natrona where 4 to 6 inches could fall.
606	Another bullet rattles through a lamp-post just 20 metres away.
607	Another Bush-era policy re-instituted in Trump’s memorandum is separating the Homeland Security Council from the NSC, which President Obama had previously merged.
608	Another caller said that the people from Uttara Kannada were involved in gambling in a private hotel near Shiroor-Byndoor.
609	Another dealer, who goes by the name Mai Sithole, revealed that there has been a drop in United States dollar supply and as such was trading in bond notes.
610	Another goal listed in the document is to support the redevelopment of public works projects and focus on reinvigorating the downtown area.
611	Another healthcare professional, who worked for a different private provider, said standards had plummeted and "could not go any lower".
612	Another is that a lot of them really didn't know what the ACA did but disliked it because they associated it with a president they opposed.
613	Another key game currently in development, praised by Denny, is Although its beta was originally delayed until late 2017, it shows a lot of promise.
614	Another passenger, a woman, also confronts an American Airlines employee about the situation.
615	Another product that is doubtful for Australia is the LG Smart InstaView Door-in-Door Refrigerator: A fridge that features a full 29-inch HD touchscreen display.
616	Another resident who came home to find her mezuzah vandalized said she was “shocked.”
617	Another said: “Well, I have now seen a picture of Will Young that I never thought I would see and I don’t know if I will ever sleep again.”
618	Another theory was that the noise was caused by a meteorite from the Leonid meteor shower, given the fact that this event peaks in November.
619	Another topic at hand was whether investors might be able to obtain Greek citizenship as an incentive to foreigners.
620	Another walked out of the officer with her hands tied behind her back, followed closely by an officer.
621	Another Way Sports has raised some funds to buy a sit ski, and other equipment so others with mobility impairment can try to water ski.
622	An overwhelming 40% of the organisations were from the manufacturing sector, but the other companies surveyed came from a wide range of fields, including finance, healthcare, retail and transportation.
623	Anti-abortion groups have been taking part in nationwide protests outside Planned Parenthood clinics today, prompting women's rights advocates to hold counter-protests supporting the embattled nonprofit.
624	Anti-terror costs burden Zurich Street Parade - SWI swissinfo.ch Your browser is out of date.
625	A nudist beach in Wales could be attracting visitors from outer space, according to one group of alien experts.
626	An ultrasound scan may be required to diagnose the thyroglossal cyst.
627	A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on NVAX shares.
628	A number of research firms have commented on IDXX.
629	An update on our previous story: the woman who was rescued from the ocean earlier is a German tourist who fell into the ocean along with her husband and teenage children.
630	Any claim against the Corporation will be barred unless a proceeding to enforce the claim is commenced within two years after the publication of this notice.
631	Any medic or parent will know how heart-breaking that is.
632	Anyone can claim Social Security benefits once they reach age 62, but claiming Social Security before full retirement age comes with consequences.
633	Anyone with information that could assist investigators is asked to call 204-986-6508 or Crime Stoppers at 204-786-TIPS (8477).
634	Anyone with information that may assist the investigation is asked to contact the London Metropolitan Police at the incident room on the UK number 020 8345 3775.
635	Anyone would think he was operating on some sort of reality TV schedule.
636	Any person interested in submitting their name for consideration should visit the Loveland City School District website (www.lovelandschools.org) to download the application.
637	Any residual material that was left in the building was evacuated out.
638	Any such flights would have to pass over Japan.
639	Any syariah law that touches on any offences under the Penal Code is unconstitutional.
640	Anything better than zero is quite a bit bigger than most people expect.
641	Anyway, Mike emailed me back when I sent him that picture.
642	Anyway, the reviewer of Dolezal's ghost-written autobiography did not like it, or her.
643	Any woman knows how many layers of carefully blended foundation, brown mascara and bronzer go into a supposedly natural look.
644	A one point the question was posed to the room, ‘Would it satisfy all concerned if improvements were made to Walnut, while staying within the current footprint of the road?’
645	A page in the children’s book, “The Adventures of the Four White Mice,” written by John Garb, is pictured.
646	Apart from the candidates themselves, a number of other factors will likely shape the political landscape, including how quickly Israel goes to elections, and how Netanyahu’s corruption probes play out.
647	Apart from this, rapid developments in the mobile payment solutions to provide better payment service to the end-users are also anticipated to fuel the growth of the mobile payment technologies market.
648	A passenger, 18-year-old Anthony Mure was seriously injured in the crash and he died Monday at the hospital.
649	A pasta-making class, of course, would not be the perfect gift for just anyone.
650	A pepper spray or a similar substance is most likely behind the incident, a spokesman for the firefighters said, noting that a refill cartridge had been found which could have caused the health problems, DPA reported.
651	A perfect summer formula, Laura Mercier’s new foundation offers oil-free, medium-heavy coverage with a matte finish for 15 hours of wear.
652	Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Acorda Therapeutics by 2.7% in the second quarter.
653	A Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor (PMSM) Market uses permanent magnets embedded in the steel rotor to create a constant magnetic field.
654	A Petco recently opened as part of the new phase, LIT Pizza is expected to open in the next two months and construction on Freddy’s should start in about two weeks, Knight says.
655	A plaque near Bank station marks the spot.
656	A plurality of Republicans (44 percent) believe immigrants are a burden, but that 42 percent is actually higher than in 1994 for Republicans.
657	A police car blocks the road in front of journalists as police work at the scene, right, near Subirats, 45 kilometres west of Barcelona on Monday.
658	A police cruiser blocks Allens Side Road after a collision at Third Line on April 21, 2017.
659	A police officer watches the course as kids finish a race at the finish line of the New York City Marathon on Sunday, Nov. 5, 2017, in New York.
660	A Police Scotland spokesman said: "The incident is currently under inquiry.
661	“Apologies to ticket-holders for the inconvenience.
662	A poster board was placed in front of the table that allowed students to write motivational and positive messages, such as messages that read, “Women have a right to their bodies” and “You have worth.”
663	Apparently, if we could just stop high school students from painting cops as animals, no police would ever face danger again.
664	Apparently, it will be "A faithful adaptation of the Watchmen graphic novel executed in an animation style that mirrors the source material."
665	Apparently our State is attempting to wine and dine major corporations to set up shop, here, and it’s because of State mismanagement that we’re all in the hole that we’re in.
666	Appearance and overall feel are subjective stuff that can be overlooked if the core functionality is there for you.
667	Appearing more or less overnight, and immediately selling out every show she plays, it’s no understatement to call Maggie Rogers one of the buzziest new names of this year.
668	Appearing with GOP Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell in Washington on Monday, Trump said he would try to discourage Bannon from going after all Republican senators.
669	Apple has full control over the iPhone’s shops and services, from the App Store, iTunes Store, Apple Pay and various iCloud services, collecting service fees or a cut of sales from each.
670	Apple rose $4.36, or 2.6 percent, to $172.47 after it reported stronger revenue and earnings for the latest quarter than analysts forecast.
671	Apple shares ticked up 6 cents to close at 139.20.
672	Apple took notice of the report and said that it was going to work with Consumer Reports to understand why they’re not getting the claimed battery life in their tests.
673	Approval of the demolition comes with the condition that the commission first approves plans for the replacement.
674	A president can try to push his vision aggressively on Congress, risking backlash from members—let’s call that the Bill Clinton approach.
675	April 30, 2017 photo provided by the Syria Democratic Forces, shows a fighter from the SDF carrying weapons as he looks toward the northern town of Tabqa, Syria.
676	A quarter (24%) of homeowners say Brexit and the recent general election have influenced their likelihood to sell in the next 12 months while 22% of homeowners say the likelihood of carrying out home improvements has been affected.
677	A quick glance at its website shows an obvious attempt to nail that sweet middle spot somewhere between linen-tablecloth formality and balti-splattered, post-pub carnage.
678	A quick look at the existing hierarchs within the Archdiocese reveals the magnitude of inadequacy of the majority of them.
679	A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace usend immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
680	Archer-Daniels-Midland Company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $45.
681	Archer, Jade and Cheyne enjoy Berwick's festive season.
682	A recent Associated Press investigation found evidence that people had been rounded up and burned alive in the Equatorian town of Yei.
683	A recently established program designed to help is the Walk In Counselling Service, offering free and timely mental health care to young people up to 18 years of age (and their families), without a referral from a physician or other agency.
684	A recent survey carried out by the group of over 1,500 British GPs and dentists revealed that almost all (95 per cent) believe the national HPV vaccination programme should cover both boys and girls.
685	A regional military spokesman, Mohammad Sadiq, told VOA reinforcements were quickly dispatched to the conflict zone and Afghan forces have retaken control of the ground lost in overnight fighting.
686	Aren't humans great forward thinkers?
687	A representative from the Virginia Assembly of Independent Baptists spoke in favor of the bill.
688	Are there — somewhere out there — taxpayers?
689	A Reuters poll suggested a 6-3 vote in favour of a rate rise.
690	Are you as lucky as a shamrock?
691	Are you dog 1 or dog 2? The PokeAre you dog 1 or dog 2?
692	Are you going to remain silent, Mr President?” she asked.
693	“Are you okay?” she asked warily.
694	Are you still insisting that you enjoy kale?
695	A rivalry with Erick Rowan or another run with him as a tag team isn’t where he was a few weeks ago, but it’s better than floating around from match to match on SmackDown waiting for another push.
696	Arkansas (4-1) was hoping to avenge their NCAA tournament loss to North Carolina (5-0), but the Tar Heels’ were the victors once again, advancing to the championship game of the Victory bracket on Sunday.
697	Arkansas will receive $226,438.37, according to Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's office.
698	Arlington is home to one of Youth Villages' 71 locations nationwide.
699	ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Albert Pujols hit a tie-breaking three-run home run in the eighth inning for the Los Angeles Angels in a 6-3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night.
700	Arlook plays Miriam, a freshman know-it-all at Southern California University with a no holds barred attitude.
701	Armed police arrive at the house of Mohammed Yasser Yaqub, 28, who has been named by family and friends as the man fatally shot in a pre-planned police operation near Huddersfield.
702	Arming oneself in self defense should be treated as something sacred.
703	A road construction project in the park is currently ongoing.
704	Around 2,000 people greeted the Baton after it was initially met by Maiana’s chief elder, Tiiman Enoka.
705	Around 669,000 people in the UK over the age of 45 years suffer from chronic heart failure (CHF), a condition in which the heart is too weak to efficiently pump the blood around the body.
706	"Around CES we started showing the Caavo to Netflix, Amazon, and the others," explains Gopinath.
707	A round of finish this sentence with pic.
708	Arrangements are under the care of Direct Cremation of Maine, 182 Waldo Ave., Belfast.
709	Arrest papers state Laurel pumped 28.197 gallons of gas totaling $62.01 and drove off without paying at Turkey Hill Minit Market, 1140 N. Church St., Hazle Twp., on April 5 at 1:30 p.m.
710	Arsenal report their attendance in terms of tickets sold and have averaged 59,982 sales per match this season, a figure that equates to 99.3 per cent of the Emirates capacity.
711	Arsenal vs Watford (start time 11:45 am PST) features Arsenal coming off of four wins, one draw, in their last five games.
712	Articles related to “Eight tips for freezing produce”
713	As a dream, but doesn’t everything.
714	As a film it falls short of anything spectacular, but within it’s genre, Jawbone is a strong contender.
715	As a Level III Trauma Center Barton Memorial Hospital is equipped to quickly provide specialized, in-depth care for patients in the critical “golden hour” of trauma.
716	As a matter of fact, Dean Blandino, who was the head of replay last year, said last year that was a touchdown.”
717	As an aside, we also have the most inexperienced Fed in three decades and a rotation among Federal Open Market Committee voters, which ensures a more hawkish bias in 2018.
718	As anti-vaxxing campaigns have gained traction around the world, so have illnesses vaccines could prevent.
719	As a plot to kill him slowly and masterfully revealed itself, shocked eyes refused to glance away.
720	As a psychiatric nurse practitioner, Dee Alleckson says she's probably the last person someone who is struggling with addictions will see.
721	As a result, after the uncapped 2010 season, each year of Stafford's deal called for him to receive more than 10 percent of the NFL cap.
722	"As a result, I've been giving a lot of thought to the leader I am today compared to the mentor, advocate and champion I want to be.
723	As a result of social, political and economic exclusion, marginalized communities were less able to cope with the impact of the famine in 2011-2012.
724	“As a result, the demand for the 1kg plastic packaging subsidised cooking oil shot up because the price of regular cooking oil has doubled,” she said.
725	As a result, the social engineer is able to take advantage of people to obtain information with or without the use of technology.”
726	“As a shareholder and a partner in this joint venture, we are fully committed to the growth and success of PNB MetLife,” said Chris Townsend, President Asia, MetLife Inc.
727	As a socially awkward, bookish weirdo, my options proved limited, but I did meet some similarly offbeat individuals early on.
728	As a start, the new regulations making it compulsory for big contractors to subcontract 30 percent of business to black owned enterprises have been finalised and were gazetted on the 20th of January.
729	As a striker you want to score, but I just work hard for the team and try to hold up the ball and play, and the goal will come.
730	A satellite image of what the state department described as a building in a prison complex in Syria that was modified to support a crematorium.
731	As a way of acknowledging her mother’s effort of success, Rebecca Blakely proudly shares a story of Helen Gordon’s amazing accomplishment that will definitely inspire everyone to become one.
732	As Brian Barnwell got to know his new colleagues in the Assembly, he was also excited to hit the ground running by putting forth several bills aiding aging seniors, affordable housing and domestic-violence cases.
733	As Chobani and others have earned billions, General Mills’s share of the yogurt market has shrunk by a third.
734	As Cleopatra in Tony Richardson’s modern-dress production at the Bankside Globe Playhouse in 1973.
735	As colorful as its namesake, The Untold Tales of Armistead Maupin proves to be a wonderful documentary exploring the titular writer.
736	As David Raw said, "Jenny Barnes is into grown up politics.
737	A search also continues on Lake Champlain for the second of two Vermont men, ages 23 and 32, who rode across to the New York shore the evening of Feb. 9. Their snowmobiles were found in the water Sunday morning.
738	A search will now begin to select a new principal at Whale Branch Middle School.
739	A second gold was added to Iran’s medal tally by Hamoun Derafshipour who paved his path to the finals of -68-kilogram weight group by thrashing four abled rivals from Turkey and Azerbaijan.
740	A second "Pee Power" site at the festival will charge lighting and mobile phones.
741	As elsewhere in the globe, Nigeria is not immunized from nature’s angst, though hurricanes and earthquakes rarely transgress this land.
742	As envisioned by the acts’ proponents, after passage in the Senate, industry representatives will dictate the science and advice on setting standards.
743	As events have unfortunately more and more conspicuously shown, the risk coming from there is a very present and very real one.
744	ASF is widely spread in countries neighboring Estonia.
745	As foreman, Tony Nelson knows that the safety of those travelling is important, which is why the guys try to stay well rested when they know Lethbridge is in for snowy weather.
746	As for implicit threats, do not change the subject, this was never the topic here.
747	As for Schlaff, the payoff has been in achieving his goal of putting veterans to work.
748	As for the hinge that lets users flip the Pixelbook around, it feels just right: firm without feeling too tight or too loose.
749	As for the specs, there isn’t much to talk about yet other than an obvious Kirin 960 processor, possibly paired with 6 GB of RAM.
750	As Georgetown took its foot off the gas pedal in an effort to conserve energy, Maryland began to employ this same hectic pressure.
751	As her body slowly deteriorated with paralysis, she used canes, then crutches, then wheelchairs.
752	Ash from the volcano closed Bali’s international airport for several days last month.
753	ASHLAND – After a relatively quiet hearing process, the School Committee approved a $29.1 million budget for the 2017-2018 school year Wednesday, a 3.2 percent increase over last year.
754	Ashman said the NSPCC had got its facts wrong.
755	A short time later, Trooper Ryan Smith and Trooper Brandon Seward joined the pursuit northbound on I-35, during which time the suspect fired gunshots from the driver’s window toward the Troopers and toward passing traffic.
756	Aside from limitations of the spacecraft’s orbit and changes to the mission itself, most of the folks I spoke with thought Juno’s instruments—the best that have ever been flown to Jupiter to study it—outweighed its limitations.
757	Aside from referencing the Roman Catholic Church’s unblemished HR history, we see nothing of note in this quote other than The Mooch is looking for some new and interesting ways to fire the shit out of people.
758	Aside from the fact that their facial hair helped save a child's life, the Bearded Villains have grown since ' last brush with them.
759	Aside from the music, FPSF offered little else in terms of arts or entertainment.
760	As I drove, the vineyards gave way to wheat-gold foothills, black cows in fields.
761	As I entrusted not only my life in the Lord’s care but that of my whole family, I started to understand better the concept of God the Father.
762	As if the message wasn’t already clear, “Kneading Dough” is sponsored by Chase.
763	A Silent Auction will be held during the day.
764	“As I look ahead, I am filled with foreboding.
765	A similar issue came up in 2006, when lawmakers asked voters if they wanted to dedicate the sales tax on purchasing a new car toward roads, bridges and public transit.
766	A sincere, hard-working detective on the rise.
767	A single sentence gave me massive insight.
768	As in most countries, if you make a credible attempt to communicate in their language, people are supportive.
769	As investigators reconstruct the life and recent activities of Paddock in a bid to work out a motive, details keep emerging that suggest the gunman's mental health had deteriorated on the months prior to the massacre.
770	As is the case with many stars, Holiday found her love and acceptance through her talent.
771	As it was six, was a lot and stretched our ability to light and shoot the set.
772	As Joan Didion pointed out, New York has the greatest concentration of young people anywhere in America, many of them from somewhere else, all of them wanting to make it and all with a story.
773	Ask an Expert: Leave your question for Ed Olkovich »
774	Asked about team selection, Morgan said: "There is no concern about Ben.
775	Asked about the possibility of supporters putting forth a new petition for another election in the near future, Covey first said it was not likely.
776	Asked how he would pay for his defense without a fund, Murray expressed concern.
777	Asked whether she represented the president, the American people or her business, she replied: “Well certainly not the latter, and I am rather unfamiliar with this role as it is quite new to me too, it has been a little under 100 days.”
778	Asked whether there was any credence to American, Japanese and Chinese assertions — or whether the launch was meant to satisfy military or scientific purposes, or to honor Kim — the source sent a written response to CNN.
779	Ask me about my liberal gay space socialism agenda, I beg of you.
780	A small group of protesters march trough the streets of downtown St. Louis under the watchful eye of police during their May Day Parade on May 1, 2017.
781	As Mayor, my role is to shape city policy and work with the City Manager to implement city policies and initiatives.
782	As more centers open, survivors may locate one near them at https://www.
783	As more customers come in, he hopes to make more improvements as time goes by.
784	"As new threats arise we are committed to protecting journalists and media organizations," he added.
785	As of 10:45 a.m., the New Haven Line service had been restored.
786	As of 10 p.m., Flanary had not been located.
787	As of 12:45 p.m. Monday, Carr, of Charleston, West Virginia, remains in the Spartanburg County Detention Center charged with ill treatment of an animal.
788	As of the date of this meeting, Portland Parks & Recreation was still waiting on permits for the Halsey-Weidler street improvements.
789	As one of the busiest migration hotspots in the world, Eilat is strategically positioned at the tip of the Red Sea.
790	As one of the lawyers on that case, I saw firsthand the damage that the city had wrought on its black community.
791	A source told The Sun, "Charlotte was slow to confirm the relationship because she wasn’t sure what Bear was getting up to while he was filming Celebs Go Dating."
792	• A South Africa that contributes to Africa and to the world.
793	As part of that, flags from colleges and universities across the country hang outside the doorway of every classroom and each class adopts a college or university as their own, learning about the schools.
794	As part of the attempts to restore relations between Israel and the US, there is an urgent need for a strategy that will restore the deterrence against Iran and prevent it from taking advantage of the nuclear agreement’s weak spots.
795	“As part of this operation, we continue focus on the arrest of individuals who are criminal and are a threat to public safety and national security.
796	As party workers set off a seemingly unending burst of celebratory firecrackers outside the Congress’s 24 Akbar Road headquarters, Rahul drew a comparison with what he said was the BJP’s inflammatory politics.
797	A spectre is haunting the West once again.
798	“As per the proposal, these wooden sculptures will be placed behind the Glass House, near the Java Fig area.
799	As PM, assuming she retains that position, she can get her way.
800	A spokesman for BlackRock declined comment.
801	A spokesman for Higgins has not responded to multiple requests for comment.
802	A spokesperson for State Capital Police told WTSB News on Monday that Perry has been placed on administrative assignment pending the completion of an internal investigation.
803	As police moved in, they deployed a spike belt, but the truck avoided it and sped back towards Red Deer.
804	As previously announced, The Vampire Diaries and Reign will both come to an end this year.
805	“As required by law, I have set the execution dates for the eight convicted of capital murder,” the Arkansas governor said in a statement sent to CNN on Thursday (March 2).
806	As silly as the story may be, Gossip Cop still looked into it.
807	Associated Press Writer Vladimir Isachenkov in Moscow contributed to this report.
808	Associate portfolio manager at PWL Capital Inc. in Waterloo, Ont.
809	“As soon as the championship was over, I talked to my family and it was all clear in my head, I wanted to join Manchester City.
810	Assuming it was a common cold, Rowe said she didn’t put a lot of thought into its origins.
811	As Tamil Nadu was dependent on inter-State rivers for meeting both irrigation and drinking water needs, the CM reiterated the demand for immediate establishment of the Cauvery Management Board and the Cauvery Water Regulation Committee.
812	As the air cooled, so did the ocean’s surface waters.
813	As the clock winded down under two minutes, Brown picked up a yard on the ground and three more through the air.
814	As the European Union urged dialogue to ease the standoff between separatists in the northeastern region and Madrid, Catalan leaders said they could unilaterally declare independence as early as Monday.
815	As the security camera footage timestamp (and this accompanying website) indicates, the show is set to debut on Netflix on August 18th.
816	As the society has an animal clinic at the Boksburg SPCA, they are always seeking old newspapers that they can use to line the clinic’s cages before the cats and dogs are placed inside.
817	As the venom extract was highly selective for type-2 vasopressin receptor, and as there was no observed toxicity in the liver or elsewhere in mice, the peptide "could become the preferential treatment for these disorders", the authors conclude.
818	As they say, there’s room in the stadium for all.
819	As they strode through the crowd in an east London sports hall to the space where a boxing ring normally is, nine returning musicians were introduced as: “The undefeated Arcade Fire!”
820	As this institute has grown, so too has the body of evidence showing that when women participate in peacemaking and peacekeeping, we are all safer and more secure.
821	As this offer will come to an end by November, we should be getting a better picture on our revenues,” he said soon after the company revealed its financial performance for the July-September period.
822	As thousands protested outside the U.K. Parliament on Monday, members inside debated whether President Trump should receive the honor of meeting the queen on a state visit later this year.
823	A still from the digital animation that is currently being worked on to help share the history of ironworking among Kanien’kehá:ka families.
824	Astor adds these feelings from so many years ago have an unintended benefit.
825	As to the work on Providence Bay beach the old adage that “many hands makes light work” was demonstrated as the volunteers swept across the landscape, quickly putting paid to stands of unwelcome greenery infesting the dunes.
826	A student at CH Campbell Elementary School speaks during a ceremony for veterans on Friday.
827	• A subject was arrested following a traffic stop at North Countyline and Elm streets.
828	Asuka-Nikki Cross will be a classic soon enough.
829	As usual the OH MIGHTY DOLLAR will have the last say so.
830	As we are developing through our transition of becoming a community services department working with the senior center and parks department, we are hopeful we are going to be serving our community even better,” McMullen wrote by email.
831	A sweet, pleasing Nativity selection for lapsits and storytimes.
832	As we execute on our strategic growth plan, we will continue to seek strong franchisees as a vital component in further OC national expansion in 2018 and beyond,” states Belanger.
833	As well as a huge generational gap — Trump is almost twice Macron’s age at 71 — there is scant evidence of any overlap of interests in their personal lives.
834	As well as the music, lyrics and videos, Magnús is the creator of his spectacular outfits.
835	As with many characters in Warner Bros.’ burgeoning shared universe, Cyborg’s origins have changed slightly, but it isn’t too far off from the established source material.
836	At 17, he joined the Marines, mainly to escape his authoritarian father, and served in Vietnam for a year.
837	At 27, he should be in the prime of his career.
838	At 35-years-old, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been in the form of his life this season, and thus aging like a fine wine.
839	• At 5:46 p.m., Monday, Sept. 25, a Dundee Road complainant advised that at 11:45 a.m., Friday, Sept. 22, a suspect was supposed to do some concrete work for her at her residence.
840	At 6 years old he said it was a sight ingrained on his mind along with Hall’s funeral.
841	At 76, David Watson is probably the oldest new playwright at the NY Summerfest theater festival.
842	A ‘Table 1’ for all participants and a ‘Table 2’ on bicommunal issues that are still pending, Eide said but nothing would be agreed until everything was agreed, and all issues were open.
843	At about 1:30 p.m., a 2002 Ford F-350 pickup, driven by Diana Stone, of Lacey, Washington, and pulling a trailer, was eastbound on the freeway near milepost 367 when the vehicles started to fishtail.
844	At a lean 95 minutes, the script by Richard D’Ovidio (with story credits also going to Nicole D’Ovidio and Jon Bokenkamp) doesn’t waste much time in getting this chase underway.
845	At a media event on Monday, Dropbox CEO Drew Houston said that the new features are part of Dropbox’s evolution from merely offering a way for companies to store documents on physical servers they don’t need to maintain.
846	At a minimum, when SelCom definitively decided to do away with the practice of accepting 26 males and 26 females during the selection process, it should have notified applicants and asked if they wanted to continue in the application process.
847	At approximately 7:30 p.m. on August 22, officers responded to the 1400 block of Ashgrove Road following a 9-1-1 call indicating two men had been stabbed.
848	At a public university, I meet Hichem.
849	A taste of France will be arriving at Gloucester Quays this month in the shape of new restaurant Cote.
850	“At Barcelona and Munich I won a lot of times but this is a new chapter in my career as a manager to handle that, and I am willing to try it with these guys.”
851	At best, you MAY be held overnight and in the morning the seageant in charge will grant you station bail.
852	At Deer Valley Resort on Friday, employees took advantage of the free service.
853	At first I really didn’t know what to do with myself on these days, but I knew I couldn’t let any moment of my experience at Time Inc. go to waste.
854	“At first, I think some people were surprised because they didn’t think that girls play football,” said Sutphin.
855	“At first, I was just feeling like I didn’t deserve any of that,” Romo said of his initial first reaction to the offer.
856	At first, the state thought it was a crude oil leak from one of the pipelines connected to the platform.
857	At first they thought he had meningitis, possible stroke or just the effects of a really bad migraine.
858	A Tigard Police motorcycle officer struck by car, November 6 2017.
859	At just 14 weeks old, he is still figuring out the world around him and struggled to understand the stairs.
860	Atlanta is ready.
861	At last year’s event most in attendance couldn’t stop laughing from all the excitement of staff and students riding or attempting to ride donkeys and trying to shoot a basketball.
862	At least 25 houses have been buried and five houses have been destroyed, Col Shah said.
863	At least 540,000 people in parts of Georgia were also told to flee as the storm headed towards the American mainland.
864	At least four of the reporters killed this year were murdered in direct retaliation for their work, according to the CPJ, making Mexico most dangerous country in the hemisphere for media workers.
865	At least ten guns were found in the 32nd floor hotel room from which the gunman opened fire at concertgoers.
866	At least two of the featured speakers, including Lauren Morris in Austin, Texas, and Delicia Dawn in Dallas, have received death threats, WND has learned, and Oath Keepers has asked its volunteers to come armed to the rallies to protect the speakers.
867	At least two posters here have used a comparison of Japan to Germany with respect to WWII apologies.
868	At Mertarvik there was a ceremonial ribbon-cutting.
869	A TML analysis shows Texas city governments would lose $750 million per year once 5G is in all Texas cities.
870	At one point a nurse re-entered his room, turned him around, stuck a finger into his anus and left the room without a word to the profusely bleeding patient.
871	At one point, there was a grown woman on the floor, laying on the ground.
872	“Atopic dermatitis (eczema) is a common inflammatory skin disorder in industrialized countries, affecting 10 to 30 percent of children,” Julia Segre of the NIH’s National Human Genome Research Institute and colleagues wrote.
873	A total of 557 objections were made to the scheme, with councillors eventually voting to refuse the application.
874	A tour: Look inside Selena Gomez's $3 million home in Fort Worth, which is now for sale.
875	At Penalba’s Framingham District Court arraignment on Thursday, Judge David Cunis released Penalba without bail but ordered her not to drive and to not drink any alcohol.
876	“At present, currency presses under SPMCIL are printing ₹ 500 (new) and below denomination notes.
877	At rear, villages in Myanmar set afire, the Rohingya said, by the military.
878	"At some point he reaches behind him.
879	Attendees meet at Chester Memorial Hall on Nov. 4 at the second annual “Wellness of Mind, Body and Soul” event, emphasizing a therapeutic approach to suicide prevention and awareness.
880	At that event, a young woman stood up and asked how the campaign plans to handle “the different liberal movements, such as ‘The Fifth Column,’ which disinform people on social media.”
881	At that interest rate, as little as 45 days ofinterest completely eliminates any cash-back benefits.
882	At that point, Babb was still a pledge.
883	At that time, we also provided 2017 acquisition and disposition assumptions which reflected the acquisition of Watergate 600 and assumed asset dispositions of $70 million to $100 million.
884	At The ACME, everyone from 311 to Muthafist to Concrete Blonde, Joan Jett, and the Band — yes, the Band — played.
885	At the back are Anthony McLellan and Samantha McLellan.
886	At the closing ceremony, Abdul Rahman presented prizes to winners of the Hadrah competition which was one of the activities held in conjunction with the three-day Sarawakiana Carnival.
887	At the end of the day booze is legal because government and blue nose advocates could not stop people from drinking in Prohibition.
888	At the end of the day, there is a business out there for agents to drum up business,” Manning stated.
889	At the end of their two-year course of study, students will graduate from high school with a minimum of 60 college credit hours.
890	At the end of the line is this place!”
891	At the Jonathan Frost Gallery, she is showing small painted wood pieces.
892	At the last sitting, Justice Nyako’s ruling granted the federal government’s application to shield the names and addresses of the prosecution witnesses who are largely security operatives.
893	At the meeting, thirty students, including Keith Jones, who holds the position of Mr. Student University Activities Board, voiced their frustrations with the convenience store.
894	At the moment, Facebook does not allow their users to see who is viewing their profile and it isn't something that has been talked about either.
895	At the moment, it’s on top of existing network paradigms.
896	At the outbreak of World War II, Szyk, who was Jewish, fled to New York where he published “The New Order,” one of the first books to satirize fascists, according to the website of the Arthur Szyk Society.
897	At the range, the Tomar dadis were a sight to watch.
898	At the same time, a man across the street stole a package from a neighbor before getting into the vehicle with Sanders.
899	At the same time, we have begun to step out from this existing pit that we have defined in this feasibility study with wide-spaced drilling out to the west.
900	“At the start of the year, we looked at it.
901	At the time he was out on his bike with friends and lost control before falling into the path of an oncoming van.
902	At the time, Mr. Rosenblum called it a “completely fabricated allegation” that was “motivated by greed and vindictiveness.”
903	At the time, the store knew it wanted to transition to an adoption program, but it took a few years to find a good fit.
904	At the University of Cape Town (UCT) in 2015, a student campaign formed around the slogan “Rhodes Must Fall,” a call to remove the statue of Cecil Rhodes, an early British imperialist, from UCT campus.
905	At the very least, respect the office of the president of the United States.
906	At the Washington joint press conference with Prime Minister May held on January 27th, President Trump told the watching world, "Brexit is going to be a wonderful thing."
907	At this point all precautions have to be taken.
908	At this point the most interesting aspect of the weather over the next few days is what happens Saturday night.
909	At this point the only one still saying 65-70 is WB themselves.
910	At this time, most of the hemostatic options are powders or bandages.
911	At this time, police are not seeking any suspects.
912	At Tier 1 level, electricity access is defined as providing lighting and mobile charging for a minimum of four hours per day.
913	At times, there were slight white balance inaccuracies in images as well.
914	Attorney Elizabeth Haddix of the UNC Center for Civil Rights told the Winston-Salem Journal that the relatives have decided not to appeal a decision last month by the state Court of Appeals.
915	“Audiences don’t relate to it, they don’t get it,” says Mr. Wilkinson.
916	Augmented reality is already increasingly popular.
917	August 14 saw 2,457 shares trade on the Bermuda Stock Exchange, valued at $9,828.00 BD.
918	August 23, 2017 at 2:06 PM446 stops and not even a broken tail light?
919	Austin Appleby took over as Florida’s starting quarterback and led the team to a blowout victory over Iowa in the Outback Bowl at the end of the season.
920	Austin Hayes, Will Bush and Corey Parks all set PRs in the 200 meter dash, as Hayes ran a 21.55, Bush ran a 21.09 and Parks ran a 21.74.
921	Australia's economy likely rebounded sharply last quarter as exports and public spending proved surprisingly upbeat, an outcome that would cheer the country's central bank, which left interest rates at record lows on Tuesday (05/09).
922	Authorities did not disclose the extent of the man’s injuries.
923	Authorities envision regulating marijuana like alcohol.
924	Authorities first turned their attention to Nerbonne in 2012 after Wisconsin Department of Criminal Investigation agents downloaded child porn being shared over a network by a computer associated with Nerbonne's former business, Vixx Converting.
925	Authorities had a word of advice for social media users.
926	Authorities received a tip in August about his online activity from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
927	Authorities returned to Christensen’s house in the 2500 block of West Springfield Avenue and saw that his Astra also had a cracked hubcap consistent with what police saw in the footage.
928	Authorities say the 27 year old from the Falls area was wearing a helmet and died at the hospital.
929	Autumnfest Entertainment Chairman Jeffrey Gamache thinks Duprey protests a bit too much.
930	A version of this article appears in print on September 7, 2017, on Page B9 of the with the headline: Del Potro Shuts Down Hopes of a Showdown.
931	A very long time ago it was like that, but those days are over.
932	A very special man, known to many as Jeremy Green, Romie or even J1 left this world.
933	A victim impact statement from a Comet Ping Pong employee filed in Welch’s case singles out Alex Jones and Jack Posobiec as “agitators who are taking advantage of people.”
934	Avinash agrees that now is the best time to be a musician.
935	A Waitrose spokesman added: “Meet the Alternative are recalling the above frozen product as some packs may contain small pieces of blue plastic.
936	“A weekend that I had set aside to sample the splendours of our country’s premier resort was spoiled by this one person, yet everyone in the town had been so nice to us.”
937	Awesome thank you.
938	A white former Texas police officer has been released on bond after he turned himself in to authorities to face a murder warrant in the shooting of a black teenager.
939	A win for Chelsea against West Brom at the Hawthorns on Friday meant Moses become a top flight league winner for the first time in his career.
940	A wingman assigned on the mission witnessed Campbell’s airplane exploding when it hit the ground.
941	A win would be a huge morale boost for England ahead of the World Cup qualifier against Lithuania on Sunday.
942	A woman carries bags as she leaves the Athens's central fish market as workers take a break, in Athens, Wednesday, May 10, 2017.
943	A working phone number for McDonald couldn't be found, and the phone at a number listed for Bongiovanni rang to a full voicemail box.
944	A wound that does not respond to normal medical care within 30 days is typically considered chronic.
945	Axelrod said she loves to attend the events that CUB Alt puts together.
946	Ayokunle, who was in the state for the 50th anniversary of Emmanuel Baptist Church, Sabo-Oke, Ilorin, praised the state governor for his commitment in building sustainable peace in the state.
947	A youth leader in the community, Ibitoye Kehinde, told Punch that the incident still surprised many of them because it was the first time that such was happening in the town.
948	BABYLON: The Russia investigation.
949	Back by the beach, the Bass has completed its transformation by the architects David Gauld and Arata Isozaki; the museum now has 50 percent more space on the same footprint, helped by the removal of cumbersome ramps that led visitors upstairs.
950	Back in the ring Joe presses the advantage.
951	Back on the road system, Emily is looking forward to driving her Subaru around the region to hike, hunt, fish and pick as many berries as possible.
952	Back then, British newspapers refused to consider the IPL a force in cricketing world.
953	"Back then there was a lot of upheaval, a lot of finger-pointing."
954	Badly hit by the departure of the bulk of their Super Rugby squad, the Kings were left with little time to prepare for their opening match against champions Scarlets.
955	Bad roads actually worsen congestion and burden citizens with expensive vehicle wear-and-tear.
956	Baker comes from UNO where she currently sits as Dean of the College of Communication, Fine Arts, and Media.
957	Balentine LLC increased its stake in Concho Resources by 176.7% in the first quarter.
958	Ball said she has moved on with her life.
959	Baloo Uriza: 420Gabriel: I dont have the legal knowledge to comment on the jurisdiction issues.
960	BALTIMORE (AP) — The death of a 58-year-old woman who hit her head during an argument with a man is now being investigated as a homicide.
961	Baltimore had a relatively quiet offseason, but it returns the core of last year’s wild-card team.
962	BANGKOK – The Industrial Estate Authority of Thailand (I-EA-T) has indicated that the Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) contributed to the significant growth of industrial space sales during the first six months of the 2017 fiscal year.
963	Bangladesh is not among the countries affected by the ban.
964	Bank of America Corp reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a $21.50 price objective on shares of Select Comfort Corp. in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd.
965	Bank of America has emerged as the new development and finance partner in the effort to build an NFL stadium in Las Vegas, but there are still many details that need to.
966	Bank of America said the production ‘was intended to provoke and offend.’
967	“Bank size is an important component of systemic risk.
968	Barclays PLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $148.00 target price on shares of Waters in a research note on Monday, January 9th.
969	Barley spent much of his time telling sob stories about his drunken, abusive parents – who he claimed were still alive.
970	Barrow says Mellow Mushroom in Uptown Charlotte is just one of hundreds of businesses losing out this weekend.
971	Barry Stuart, a director with the Smart Justice Network of Canada, said he believes the circle around Wilson-Raybould is open to a “sea change” and he is willing to wait as long as it takes for the federal government to get it right.
972	Barton G in LA serves up wild artistic creations for your tummy and your IG fans.
973	Based on looks, I’d guess Paul Ryan was the son of one of Harlow’s wire monkeys.
974	“Based on the complaint of a victim, a case under Section 354 (A) and 509 of the IPC has been registered… against Arunabh Kumar,” Mumbai Police said.
975	Based on this description British writers added a word they found useful for their policy of imperialism.
976	Base stealing is something that the Mets have lacked since the departure of Jose Reyes in 2012.
977	“Basically, the whole point of the hotline is to perpetuate stereotypes about immigrants.”
978	Bates said is a good way for people to follow the progress and find out exactly when the store will open.
979	BBS refused to pay the fines stating it shall seek the intervention of an independent authority for arbitration if the issue is not resolved.
980	BC Hydro has unveiled a new program to give bill credits to customers evacuated due to wildfires.
981	Beat 1 egg to blend in a small bowl; fold into spinach mixture.
982	Because finally, the boycott is not an economic war against Israel, it’s a psychological war,” said Larry Derfner, a BDS advocate.
983	Because none of the 20 contesting political parties won over 50 per cent of the votes, NEC declared a run-off between the ruling Unity Party and Coalition for Democratic Change.
984	Because nothing says country first than Russian policy guidelines from a guy who was decorated by Putin and almost made a 500 billion dollar oil deal with Russia before that meddling kid Obama put on those pesky sanctions.
985	Because of our Catholic beliefs, we find ourselves “cafeteria voters,” picking and choosing elements here and there that we can support, but also finding much that we are uncomfortable with on either side of the red-blue divide.
986	Because of the Six-Day War, the Syrian civil war rages far from the eastern shore of the Sea of Galilee, the border before 1967.
987	Because of the theme of the Magazine, GCCI invited an executive of ExxonMobil to speak at the event as well as Minister of Natural Resources, Raphael Trotman.
988	Because of this, it can reproduce a vast array of colors, 16 Million, according to the manufacturer.
989	Because of this, species delimitation models may not properly fit studies of divergence when gene flow is present."
990	Because one party does not want huge turnout.
991	Because Republicans from Trump on down have been engaged in a remarkably brazen campaign of lies and deceit to sell this bill.
992	Because that’s why pig-headed Turnbull and co won’t take up NZ’s bipartisan offer.
993	Because the conversation has shifted away from the purpose of this event, we will not host it at Mar-a-Lago.”
994	Because The Fate of the Furious is still in theaters, we don't know a ton about what Fast 9 will look like, although it seems as if Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel are putting their issues with each other behind them for the sake of the franchise.
995	Because there are so many seats available and the airlines are competing for passengers in the Pacific Islands and Australia, there are sale fares throughout the year which your travel agent can keep an eye out for.
996	Because they are where they are due to Mugabe’s ill policies, their only hope lies in that leadership which is sensitive to their needs and Tsvangirai is holding a golden egg in his hands going into 2018.
997	Beckham is headed in the same direction as Terrell Owens and Chad Johnson except he may not even reach the level of success of those receivers.
998	Beeley was initially taken to Kent Hospital, where he was treated for an unspecified medial issue, Connor said.
999	Been a while since I've flown, but I don't think carry-ons go through the metal detector.
1000	Be encouraged by the harsh words that have disappeared.
1001	Beer and Grand Rapids go hand in hand.
1002	Before a hearing in July, Yasmine Ahmed, the executive director of Rights Watch, said such drone strikes were “a sweeping expansion of the circumstances in which the government claims they can lawfully use force overseas”.
1003	Before its last Tuesday episode, I covered the show the last five months for PWTorch.
1004	Before leaving, he put on gloves, took out a lock and put it on the gate, locking the worker inside.
1005	Before meeting Putin, Tillerson received a chilly reception from Lavrov, who told Tillerson that Russia was trying to understand the “real intentions” of the Trump administration.
1006	Before their resignations, Sandi-Moyo and Mahoka had seen a wave of demonstrations being held against them in all the provinces.
1007	Before the new regulations were issued we were a little uncertain about exactly what would be required.
1008	Before the recent investigation, Beta Theta Pi was “ostensibly was among the best fraternity chapters” at Penn State, the university’s Vice President for Student Affairs Damon Sims told CBS News.
1009	Before you leave, notify neighbors or family that you will be out of town and ask them to keep an eye on your home.
1010	Beginning Monday, June 19 through Friday night, June 23 from 8 PM to 6 AM, crews will close the new pedestrian bridge to stain the tiles on the canopies.
1011	Behind every negative story!
1012	Behind me, an American tourist turned back saying: “I was in the military and I can’t do it, it scares the hell out of me.”
1013	Beijing is trying to complete a thaw in relations with the Holy See, although the process is fraught with ups and downs.
1014	Being a parent can be one of the most wonderful and joyful times of your life but it can also cause sleepless nights.
1015	Being liberal is not the same as being a socialist.
1016	“Being taught by him was awesome.
1017	Belarus would not have been involved in it.
1018	Belgian Junior Minister for Asylum Theo Francken, a member of the NVA, told TV station VRT on Sunday that Puigdemont may request asylum.
1019	Believing the auction was a hoax, eBay actually cancelled the sale.
1020	Bella and Harrison are with us today, and I’d like them to stand and be recognized for their innovation and hard work.
1021	Bellamy's, once the darling of the Australian share market, was one of a handful of stocks that rocketed up on demand for infant formula.
1022	Bell and LaMarr will add their voices to those of cast members including Bryan Cranston and Keegan-Michael Key.
1023	Below is message i got for increase from lukanga water.
1024	Belur, now a lecturer in the Department of Security and Crime Science of Faculty of Engineering Sciences, apparently has 34 publications to her name, as per the information available on the college’s website.
1025	Benfica were much better than those two teams tactically and collectively.
1026	Benson did not say whether the case was considered criminal in nature when asked by NewsChannel 15.
1027	Ben Townsend, vice-president for Europe at Japan Tobacco International (JTI), recently told EURACTIV that the ban simply doesn’t work.
1028	"Bergman is a great team.
1029	Berkeley, the cradle of the US universities' free speech movement, has been the scene of regular demonstrations from the days of the anti-Vietnam War campaign to recent protests against visiting right-wing speakers.
1030	Bermudians will go to the polls tomorrow from 8 am to elect a new government.
1031	Bernhard said more information needs to be gathered.
1032	Berrios told CBC Toronto in an interview Tuesday that she and her mother — both house cleaners — pay a total of $1,250 a month for the three-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment.
1033	Berri warns over “dangerous developments in the region”
1034	Besides filming Zoari, she also rented a number of cars used in his assassination, Mejdoub said, adding that planning for the killing took place over months, since at least June.
1035	Besides Nungesser, the lieutenant governor's office says nearly two dozen tourism leaders and three state lawmakers are in the delegation.
1036	Besides this, she has been seen on many other known original stories on digital platforms like Little Things and Annoying Things Boyfriends Do.
1037	Best advice: Bravery in life means doing something scary.
1038	Be sure to drink lots of water.
1039	Be sure to plug in headphones if you’re playing the trailer in the office or have children around.
1040	Be the first to comment on "US Suspends Travel Ban"
1041	Bettles has been involved in NASU activities informally since 1972 and formally since 2001.
1042	BGT’s 10th winner Lance Corporal Richard Jones, the first magician to ever win the show in 2016, has been touring the country on his sold-out UK Tour Power of Imagination, which he will continue later this year.
1043	Bhubaneswar: With the arrival of Southwest Monsoon in Odisha, the intense summer heat took a back seat paving way for moderate to heavy rains over the region.
1044	Bhutanese martial artists bagged seven gold, five silver and 14 bronze medals at an international competition in India last week.
1045	BidaskClub lowered shares of Bonanza Creek Energy from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Monday, July 24th.
1046	BidaskClub lowered Suncor Energy from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Friday, August 18th.
1047	Big picture: St. Elizabeth will lead Northern Kentucky to become one of the healthiest communities in the country.
1048	Big spenders can splurge on caviar service to start, but save room for dessert—especially butterscotch pot de crème, on the menu since day one.
1049	Bila agreed with Goldberg, saying Hale should be able to say whatever she wants.
1050	Bilal Asif and Asif Ali took three wickets each.
1051	BILL CLINTON It’s been 16 years since Bill Clinton rode into the White House on a wave of middle-class frustration and anxiety after running a fast-paced, quick-witted campaign that set a new standard for media savvy.
1052	Bill Frankel-Streit of Louisa, Va., and Eric Martin of New York were taken into custody as they held photos of bombing victims.
1053	Bill proponents said the measure would help alleviate dentist shortages in rural and underserved areas of the state.
1054	Billy Bush Saturday showed me who really had Donald Trump’s back.”
1055	Bingham was arrested in February for stealing his van, but now she faces a much more serious charge: second-degree murder.
1056	Binnion, it turns out, used to support a carbon tax, but his experience in Quebec has changed his position, which seems to have involved his growing understanding of “carbon leakage.”
1057	Birmingham Capital Management Co. Inc. AL’s holdings in General Electric Company were worth $8,687,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
1058	Bishop hit a breakaway slam after a North miss with 14 seconds left, which enabled to Titans to overcome another three by Jenkins with four seconds to go.
1059	Bitdefender, for example, was quick to laud its own service, claiming its software successfully blocks such a form of malware, with other security companies also pointing to the standard advice tip: stay updated.
1060	Bithell had revealed on Saturday that a "robust policing operation" was in place based on "pre-game intelligence" and that additional resources from across the county had been brought in.
1061	Bit of a Labour surge in the wonderfully named Cotswold ward of Grumbolds Ash, but the Tories were pretty unassailable there.
1062	BitUSD is built on the blockchain platform of the cryptocurrency BitSharesX.
1063	BJJTV students took photographs on their own and we created photo collages to post on our social media platforms.
1064	Black Diamond Music Studio and Sales, 1329 E. South St., sells new and used instruments, provides music lessons and also has a recording studio.
1065	Black people's lives, their words and actions, including their commitment to defying the laws of slavery, helped define the meanings of freedom and citizenship in the United States.
1066	BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,964,533 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $176,042,000 after buying an additional 118,628 shares during the last quarter.
1067	“Bluebottles are not true jellyfish, and instead are a colonial organism in the same phylum.
1068	BMC has made a name for itself in Cherry Creek North with development of projects including Steele Creek apartments, which recently sold for $141.5 million, Halcyon Hotel and the forthcoming St. Paul Collection, Moxy Hotel and 2nd & Detroit.
1069	BOARDMAN, Ohio (WKBN) – Hospital leaders wanted to create a homelike atmosphere with the newest addition to the Boardman Akron Children’s campus.
1070	Boaters like Oster say it’s worth the few extra minutes it takes to go through decontamination to make sure aquatic invaders don’t spread any further.
1071	Bob Pelletier of Newport Center comes annually to photograph the fish.
1072	Boettner said that a total of 1,189 plants weighing 113 pounds were pulled from the ponds.
1073	Bon Appetit magazine has named Raleigh's one of the best new restaurants of 2017.
1074	Booking photo shows Christian Aguilera.
1075	Boone County firefighters say embers from a barbecue pit are to blame for a Sunday afternoon fire in the 25-hundred block of Clays Fork Road.
1076	Born in London, Quincey spent part of his youth in Hanover, New Hampshire, where his father lectured at Dartmouth.
1077	Bosses at Polen care more about results than facetime, so if you work most effectively at Starbucks or from home, that's fine.
1078	“Bosses said they were offering an additional 500 jobs.
1079	Boston College lacrosse was the only team in this year’s Final Four to enter semifinal play with two, let alone one, 70-plus goal scorers.
1080	Both animals are stamped with gibberish symbols, a mix of Chinese and Roman characters.
1081	Both books are muscular antiwar polemics.
1082	“Both David and Tate, they’re really starting to be more aggressive offensively,” Cutlip said.
1083	Both graduate and undergraduate students are welcome to attend.
1084	Both Groupon and Zulily told investigators that they had worked with Kent Jewelry in the past, but Groupon terminated its relationship with Kent after several customer complaints.
1085	Both he and Williams, who who have played together in Dallas all season, will be tremendous additions (and upgrades) to the Cavs’ bench unit.
1086	Both ladies had opportunities to work elsewhere and for more money.
1087	Both of their Blockheater shows are already sold out, which you can find them humbly boasting about on their website.
1088	Both parts of her have a single focus: nabbing a cult that’s been ruthlessly murdering children.
1089	Both politicians and the media are generally to blame, followed by citizens who truly should have known better.
1090	Both Sourabh Rawat (29, 64b, 3×4) and Suryakant Pradhan (32, 21b, 1×4, 3×6) tried their best to take the battle to the opposition albeit in a different manner.
1091	Both teams’ commitment to open, attacking play meant that this felt more like an underage or a colleges’ match than a senior championship quarter-final, and it was all the better for it.
1092	Both teams entered the game missing key personnel, but the absence of Freeling full back Ryan Jarman proved costly, with the silky Matt Underwood kicking four goals for the Pies.
1093	Both the legislature and executive are not just serious and I don’t think the know what they call governance.
1094	Both women seem visibly shaken that Lauer, whom they’ve each known, worked with for years, and considered a friend, had behaved this way.
1095	Bottle rockets would sting when they hit you.
1096	Bottom line is he made the decisions to do what he did.
1097	Boulegeris Investments Inc. now owns 68,754 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,087,000 after buying an additional 12,240 shares in the last quarter.
1098	Bourque, who has worked for the company for nearly 22 years, has been serving under Leonard in the role of senior vice president of external affairs.
1099	Bowen was eight months pregnant with twins at the time of the filming, Salke, who was at Fox at the time, recalled.
1100	Bo with a kick to the gut and a big shot into his knee for another 2 count.
1101	"Brad definitely seemed like he was there for the kids to have a good time.
1102	Bradley has been taking her to her doctor visits and is so excited every time they see the baby.
1103	Brady and Price are joined by Luke Fox who was at last night's Leafs game and former Leaf Wendel Clark.
1104	Brain research shows the first kiss is literally implanted in his brain.
1105	Branding the scene 'disgusting', another user said the child maybe wasn't ready to be potty trained, writing: 'Seriously if a child can't make it from a table to a toilet then they should be in a pull up.'
1106	Brand new batteries were not affected, but older batteries are more susceptible to power spikes.
1107	Brandon Douglas, Jennifer Douglas, and Travis Douglas (left to right) are the friendly faces behind Novel Ice Cream in Phoenix.
1108	Brandon Qualls, who served as Crockett’s offensive coordinator and then as head coach for one game this season, said Lewis’ unselfishness sets hi apart.
1109	Brannigan posted a few comments on her Facebook page that were critical of Arabs and Muslims.
1110	Brazen Neighborhood Eatery is located at 4450 W. 38th Ave., Denver.
1111	Breakfast for three: $90.
1112	Breakwell sees a possible shift on the horizon – and it involves a brand that some always predicted would enter the industry in some way.
1113	Brenda Avelica is a medical assistant in Los Angeles.
1114	Brendan O’Reilly, chief technology officer at O2, said: “The small cell network in Aberdeen represents a successful collaboration between council, infrastructure provider and mobile network operator.
1115	Brenden Yocum pitched the first third inning of the game with five hits given away as well as five runs, one walk and five errors.
1116	"Brendon’s goal has always been to compete at the pinnacle of the motorsport internationally and F1 is that pinnacle.
1117	Bret Hood, a raft pilot for Black Canyon River Adventures, leads tourist on a postcard tour of Hoover Dam and bypass bridge along the Colorado River Friday, Aug. 18, 2017, near Boulder City.
1118	Brick by brick, the demolition job has begun: since taking office less than a year ago, Donald Trump has launched an all-out assault on the legacy of Barack Obama.
1119	BRIE: (As Ruth) Well, I don't really know wrestling.
1120	Brighter days are ahead.
1121	B. Riley restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $16.75 price objective on shares of XO Group in a report on Sunday, August 6th.
1122	Bringing the killer or killers to justice has become a top priority for gardaí.
1123	Bring up economics if you must, but remember that those in favor of deporting nearly a million undocumented young people of color are, at their core, not motivated by money but by racism and xenophobia.
1124	Britain's Prince Charles reacts as he speaks with armed forces personnel during a reception at Guildhall, after the Afghanistan service of commemoration at St Paul's Cathedral in London March 13, 2015.
1125	Britax has received 33 reports, resulting in 26 reports of injuries to children, according to the CPSC.
1126	British media reported that Tottenham are expected to pay a club record fee of around 42 million pounds ($54.2 million) for the 21-year-old Colombia defender, who scored six goals in 45 games for Ajax last season and was their player of the year.
1127	Bronze went to Japan.
1128	Brooks said the City received four bids to provide furnishings for the new city hall and it was recommended to go with the low bidder.
1129	Brown missed Denver playoff game last year and Steelers still had that till the 3rd string running back fumlbed as top 2 backs were out.
1130	Brown said that the piano is slated to be moved on Oct. 23 from its current location to New Light High School, where students in the school’s new music education initiative will paint a cherry blossom motif on it.
1131	Bryan said he hoped it was bedazzled.
1132	Buda Juice also comes in glass bottles, "so it not only feels good, looks good and tastes good, but it's good for the environment," Lonsdale-Hands says.
1133	Buffington recommends Cougar’s Estate White Aglianico paired with turkey.
1134	Built in excuse if the team wins under new management.
1135	Bundesliga Report — FS2, 2 p.m.
1136	Burial took place in Ege Catholic Cemetery on Monday, June 5, 2017.
1137	Burial will be at McNatt Cemetery in McNatt.
1138	Burning wood when it’s -20 degrees outside will indeed cause the smoke to descend, and breathing such air is admittedly not very healthy.
1139	Burt Wealth Advisors acquired a new stake in Raymond James Financial during the second quarter valued at about $150,000.
1140	Bush’s spokesperson, Jim McGrath, at first tweeted that the former president had “responded very well to treatments.
1141	Businesses will now be able to self manage their mobile communication spend with a range of MTC products online and in real-time.
1142	But Aarti decides to follow her dream, and parts ways from Satyendra.
1143	But a benefit of that is it allows you to fill the world in with your own imagination.”
1144	But actually, for what it’s worth, I’m just that little bit too distraught about what you’ve done to Sandy to be genuinely angry.
1145	But a faux pas in the party leadership transition caused the DFP support base to dwindle.
1146	But after hearing from and reading between the lines, it will not be surprising to learn that he is yet to fully unpack.
1147	But a funny thing happened on the way to libertarian utopia.
1148	But a judge said only custody was appropriate for the sustained assault and jailed her for 19 months.
1149	But a large ship with enough room to transport all the tourists was approaching the dock.
1150	But Amazon’s burst over the $1,000/share mark has pushed the Nasdaq a little higher.
1151	But a quick look at the photo shows it would actually be much bigger as the trees are tiny next to it.
1152	But as far as the refereeing and the overall consistency, I didn’t see any major issues.”
1153	But as I started looking into the other folks who came out to this region for the eclipse, the story just got richer and richer and richer in so many ways.
1154	But as light began to fade, the body of a woman was recovered from the rubble, bringing the number of the dead to seven.
1155	But as soon as I saw Chris Pine and Mikey Day dancing and eating cotton candy, I lost it.
1156	But at least brave people such as Nemer are bearing witness to evil, speaking out to remind us of the war crimes being committed on all sides of this century’s most distressing conflict.
1157	But at least no women were involved, right mother?
1158	But at least they have thought about the problem.
1159	But beyond the practical benefits of Canvas, I feel that there is a certain charm to EEE’s craziness that will be missed.
1160	But Blake had all these great scenes and this was at a time before Deleted Scenes were put on Blu-rays.
1161	But by extracting the insulin from the removed pancreas and injecting it back into the dog, the symptoms subsided.
1162	But by far, their biggest source of knowledge came from Rasmussen, which allowed them to fully embrace the concepts of intuitive, treatment-free beekeeping that she teaches.
1163	But can they maintain that lead through Sunday?
1164	But can you safely involve a third party in your sex life?
1165	But Carr first had to know who Borders was before Carr could compliment him.
1166	But Chris said that when he’s home, he has a lot more flexibility to take leave and relax.
1167	But conceptually, I feel this whole argument of the rich and poor for taxation is flawed to some extent.
1168	But daycare centers say the cost of starting a business is too expensive and fraught with regulations.
1169	But Democrats, like all politicians, also want to win.
1170	But did you know that AI is able to spot genetic diseases that human doctors can’t detect?
1171	But does that mean that a truly great CEO or visionary entrepreneur would fare better?
1172	But don’t forget about the smaller ones such as the Ejército Popular de Liberación (EPL) who partially demobilised in 1991 but will now be looking to take back some of the power they lost.
1173	But don’t get too comfortable — there’s a new addition on the way later this week, as Michael Moore’s solo outing, “The Terms of My Surrender,” starts previews Friday.
1174	But don't hold your breath waiting for the government to do anything about it.
1175	But don’t lose heart—we doubt you’re going to mind doing the research.
1176	But emergency room doctors rarely understand how to treat these crises, and many patients are misdiagnosed and inappropriately sent home, said Patricia Kavanagh, a pediatrician and emergency department physician at Boston Medical Center.
1177	But ensuring that a country's GDP works for everyone is the greatest thing of all.
1178	But even before it made a debut in the USA, the ‘Trump chicken’ made its first public appearance last year after a sculpture of it was installed at a mall in Taiyuan, China.
1179	But even facing protests and petitions, the U.S.G.A. literally couldn’t change the venue—because Trump threatened to sue them if they did.
1180	But even more impressive is the fact that the destroyed threat was not a ballistic missile but an antiaircraft missile, which was not envisaged as a threat when the system was designed in the early 1990s.
1181	But even the US has realised that didn't work and has scrapped the NCLB and modified its obsession on standardised testing.
1182	But ever since then, they have faced troubles in attracting their top targets.
1183	But every once in a while a special artist comes along.
1184	But first, a well-deserved break.
1185	But for all the hard work Massimiliano Allegri's side put in before the break, they sank without trace in the second half as Real put on a midfield masterclass - with Casemiro's deflected effort restoring the Spanish side's lead just past the hour mark.
1186	But for many craft aficionados, small is beautiful.
1187	But for many students, Mroz said, smoking is an inevitable response to the various college-specific stresses they experience.
1188	But for some of the women, the decision was made for them because they miscarried.
1189	But given the new lineup of personalities who have their own patterns of mistreating women on-air, the network isn’t showing signs of an overhaul just yet.
1190	But guaranteeing renewability in case of a future health crisis or the development of a chronic condition would be a powerful motivator to secure insurance while one is healthy, in order to make sure it is accessible to deal with illness or injury later.
1191	But he assured Metro that cash won't be raised in vain.
1192	But he combines it with a path that was possibly -2, making it a safe and reasonable opinion.
1193	But he did not reply.'
1194	But he later volunteered to work for the regime and became one of four official Nazi art dealers.
1195	But here again, reports are rampant that the Kansas City Royals, who also need pitching, are taking at serious look at Hammel.
1196	But here is a video of my goshawk eating a fox cub!
1197	But he’s a long way from being the real deal.
1198	But he sounds confident something along those lines will be in the final document next month.
1199	But he's reluctant to hire another employee, so he vows to work 90 hours a week and run both restaurants himself.
1200	But he takes his eye off the ball and glances wide!
1201	But he was also apparently pleased that Liles taught Miller a few things about being a pro.
1202	But Hölzle probably isn’t giving himself enough credit.
1203	But how that dog loved to go!
1204	But I believed that it was my responsibility to try to offer answers to it, not to fan it.
1205	But I can relate to blaming anybody but yourself, you know, for not achieving what you want.
1206	But I’d love to see Donnie demand UPS or FedEx “take over” the USPS.
1207	But if his supporters don’t stand up and defend their candidate, the swamp he’s trying to drain will engulf him instead.
1208	But if somebody's farting in the chair in front of you, it's a problem," he said.
1209	But if Trump steps too far out of line with McConnell, the wooden senator from Kentucky will quietly ensure that the president suffers.
1210	But if you’re going to manage your time effectively, you need to delegate tasks to people you trust.
1211	But in his own wisdom, he knew they were difficult people to understand and he didn’t do that.
1212	But in my experience, nothing compares to the traffic flooding the roads on holiday weekends, whether one is leaving for Las Vegas or returning from San Diego.
1213	But in order to get the Games, South Africa still had to go through an arduous process on which it spent a pretty penny – reportedly around R118 million.
1214	But in the early Noughties, Mira Nair showed up at her parents’ old, colonial home that Joseph had offered to show to the art directors of The Namesake.
1215	But in the modern era, only one box had the range and quality, and that was the Sony PlayStation 2. Easily the dominant console of the early 21st century, the PS2 boasted a staggering software library and impressive (at the time) technical specs.
1216	But in watching The Keepers, it becomes clear this is a very different kind of docuseries.
1217	But I respect the fact that he always listens.”
1218	But Irma still left a total of 103 people dead in the U.S., making 2017 the 17th deadliest hurricane season since 1900.
1219	But it does give us a more informed foundation upon which to respond to those actions.
1220	But it doesn't help when the vehicle for that news can't get its story straight on the role it's supposed to play.
1221	But it ended up successfully because of a sustained public advocacy campaign.
1222	But I think it’s evolved to be more than that.
1223	But it is possible to apply after the fact for totalization to have cross-border contributions or residence credited accordingly.
1224	But it is the accuracy of the training session list which has become vitally important to clubs.
1225	But it is very interesting to be able to bang metal on metal and not hear anything.
1226	But it looks like Em is dropping hints in regards to his new single.
1227	But it meant the list increased with vigour.
1228	But it's a thing.
1229	“But it’s not just the economy, it’s the reforms we’ve brought, the social policy with the Guaranteed Minimum Income, the educational reform, the modernisation of the army, the reduction of the (obligatory) military service, the health reform, “ he said.
1230	But it’s not. that way for everyone.
1231	'But it's unknown how the fungus coordinates these effects to manipulate the host's behaviour.'
1232	But it was still larger than Fritz’s is now.
1233	But I was free to denounce and continue to counter what was not good for South Vietnam.”
1234	But I would be curious to see whether his symptoms started at about age 4 or 5. This is a typical time when a maturing brain will go from having tantrums to having anxiety-like behaviors.
1235	But I would love to stop hearing about this idiotic nonsense!
1236	“But I would never underestimate that girl, she's one tough cookie and she's savvy as well.
1237	But Judge is not a fan favorite only because of his hitting.
1238	But just like his predecessor Simon Grayson had witnessed so often, Coleman saw his new side ruin a positive start by conceding an early goal.
1239	But King was playing long before then.
1240	"But Lagos State Governor, Akinwunmi Ambode, has approved the return of swamp buggies to open up the creeks in those areas to enable the security forces carry out in-depth patrols.
1241	But Manish Mehta is getting a little ahead of himself.
1242	But mostly, I think there's some CASM benefit on the upside, I'd say.
1243	But Mr. Modi refused to do so,” he further said and asked the crowd to ask Mr. Yeddyurappa why he was not putting pressure on the Centre or trying to stall Parliament over loan waiver.
1244	But my conscience was pricked when my journalist revealed the warning she got from her concerned informer: “If Borneo Post is not going to report, we shall be eating chicken wings dredged from a trash pile for the next few months.”
1245	But not everyone is happy about the news.
1246	But not many of us will do so, because we have been sold before and we have had to fight too hard for our independence, and to reclaim our identities.
1247	But now it's gotten to the point where my income actually has to go towards paying the bills.
1248	But now she said so little.
1249	But now they can find support in one awful video out of Chicago.
1250	But officials say that this booking system was updated to make it easier for “regular driver’s licence applicants” to reserve road tests and prevent driving schools from claiming them all in advance.
1251	But often lack of protest is a prudent response to a difficult situation: If the prospects of successful change are remote, why jeopardise whatever opportunities the current system affords?
1252	But one has to admit, there will always be a feeling of uneasiness as you watch these people from the former PPP Government denounce the new Coalition Government.
1253	But one of the advantages in the Chicago market it's more denser area, harder to build.
1254	But on the other hand, they’re part of a much larger struggle, and The Zookeeper’s Wife has difficulty maintaining the balance of who should be the focus of this larger historical narrative.
1255	But on Wednesday, McKenney said attitudes are changing.
1256	But people don’t even know what the benefits are.”
1257	But politics and political institutions have a greater impact on such welfare schemes.
1258	But pop over to the Mail, because they’ve got some pics of the back of her head, which is a braided mohawk with a bit of a tail.
1259	But President David Granger is on record as expressing interest for Guyana to have a deep water harbour.
1260	But responding to reporters' questions, he confirmed the US president - who clashed with Mrs May last month after he retweeted far-right videos - was still on the Christmas card list.
1261	But, Rogers makes the point that no commodity ever goes from a secular bottom to top without a 50% retracement along the way.
1262	“But Ryan doesn’t know if he can believe her,” the source also said.
1263	But, she says, some truth to the idea exists that the food we’re eating has changed, especially in the last century or so.
1264	But she's one hell of a relatable mess, and by the time you've chosen your own adventure throughout the series, it starts to feel like she's someone you know in real life — and that's a definite indicator of just how wonderful an actress she truly is.
1265	But showing support is another matter.
1266	But since taking office, Trump’s Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has said he believed that growth of 3% or better is achievable if Congress adopts the president’s economic program.
1267	But some CEO’s get fabulous amounts of money as well, and they can have all the opinions they want.
1268	But sometimes I get so angry that I just don't care," she fumed.
1269	But suffice it to say the central plot follows Dane Dehan as a youthful Wall Street hotshot who’s tasked with rescuing his shady investment firm from a legal mess.
1270	But take courage, Bridget, and risk you no longer the red man.
1271	But targeting women, children and families who are fleeing the very same terrorists we are fighting against is wrong, will not make America safer, and may actually undermine our long-term security.”
1272	But that doesn’t mean it has to come true.”
1273	But that doesn’t mean they weren’t present.
1274	But, that is not the goal.
1275	But, that’s when the quality is the best!
1276	But that was a false dawn.
1277	But the balance shifted sharply in Mrs May’s favour among the over 55’s, with 54% compared to Corbyn’s 23%.
1278	But the band is perfectly adapt at creating mid-paced ragers like “Night Work” as well.
1279	But the convoy was never denied entry, and Ellis said the 90 minutes at that Romanian border was the longest crossing they experienced.
1280	But the cost-of-living numbers might be somewhat skewed, because the state has both very expensive and very affordable regions.
1281	But the deputies need to keep things safe for all and adults need to mind their kids, etc. when crowded in shelters because not every pervert is identified.
1282	But the details on how it could be achieved is a technically complex issue, and for this reason foreign experts were being brought in to assist.
1283	But the facts on the ground in the United States are not useful for arguing that case without explicit appeals to racism.
1284	But the fourth-place finish at the Rio Olympics still rankles Caldas.
1285	But the full price figure is still somewhat of a surprise, as this version does not include any of the DLC (including the ), with no confirmation when and if that content will arrive to the iPad.
1286	But the gun-friendly, anti-immigration stances that Gillibrand espoused upstate became instantly toxic when she was appointed to fill Clinton’s Senate seat.
1287	But the idea is to go ahead and watch it.”
1288	But, the Institute had rules that students are not supposed to work while studying.
1289	But the irreconcilability of past and present is a theme that seems always to accompany me as I accompany my children’s families on their American style touristic ventures.
1290	But the knowledge it takes to succeed in the industry involves a lot more than just cows and hay.
1291	“But the last few results helped us out massively and we go into the new year fresh and hopefully looking to push on.”
1292	“But the leadership said you can’t bring this to the floor, and then we had seven votes instead of 12.”
1293	But the main reason is his prophetic air of certainty.
1294	But the "mehrieh" ("affection") system, in which future husbands agree to pay a certain number of gold coins to the bride in the event of divorce, has left thousands of men in Iran languishing in jail and many more destitute.
1295	But the night’s funniest moment came when they turned their attention to the former commander in chief.
1296	But then I noticed that after the transformation has changed not only my appearance but also my feelings and beauty ideals.
1297	But then Paul decided to drop the bomb on some other HGs, but with some lies thrown in.
1298	But then the other one went off and it was like, ‘OK, now I just better get out of here.’
1299	But the Post, whose owner Jeff Bezos does business with the CIA and NSA, looks the other way.
1300	But the press in America has always been treated with about as much respect as accorded whores, gun-control advocates and lawmakers.
1301	"But there are other people who have different religions in this country and around the world.
1302	But there are some people who have seen waste as a resource which when processed, brings about useful properties such as lighting, cooking, and as a fuel.
1303	But there’s a growing list of lawmakers within the Republican ranks voting NO — and that may put the plan in jeopardy.
1304	But there’s also an openness that comes from certain design elements, elements that sometimes strike people subtly and sometimes hit them right in the eyeball.
1305	But the schools for deaf and blind children are not subject to those inspections.
1306	But the SCR-I defense got the ball back when Bryson Orton pounced on a fumble.
1307	But the techniques they use to transform their faces - from contouring to highlighting and baking - are far from new.
1308	But the truth is companies that hire employees at will have far more leeway in firing decisions.
1309	But the Vice President seems not conscious of this and the motive behind adoption of the Sukkuk Bond.
1310	But they are doing it purposefully to get to Americans."
1311	But they received over 80 in just the past three days because of the storm.
1312	But they should have won their opener against Algeria.
1313	But they thought that what was happening is the Earth itself was getting slightly bigger as this oceanic crust was created.
1314	But they were talking to Donald’s minions.
1315	But things have changed for the better with the arrival of the Ramthal project.
1316	But this is a very small percentage of the people who practice it, and unfortunately they get all the press.”
1317	But this is the first concrete evidence to explain why abnormally high blood sugar levels, or hyperglycaemia, have an impact on cognitive function.
1318	But this is the Holiday season, and it’s time to take a break from the gloom and doom – here’s some actual good news, for a change.
1319	But this means Nia shouldn't be in the title picture for the time being.
1320	“But this one here, in my opinion, was dealt with properly.”
1321	But this time, his 61-year-old frame began to wither as the diseased organ sucked the strength from his body.
1322	But this was one of those celebrity couples that wore out their welcome.
1323	But this week at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the roles have reversed.
1324	But those differences were relatively small.
1325	But those plans did not work out.
1326	But today, medicine is a house more divided than ever.
1327	But Tot used the experience to learn how to organize resistance.
1328	But trailing 34-30 heading into the third quarter of their decisive third game against the Cascades, the Wesmen flipped the script, pummeling their visitors 31-9 in the frame en route to a commanding 84-59 win.
1329	But Trump tells a very different story through his tweets.
1330	But Tucker Carlson a similarly questionable theory, without pointing fingers at any leaker, via a former NSA official named William Binney.
1331	“But unfortunately we have found 18 households that did not receive their additional payment in time for Christmas.
1332	But unlike other fall delicacies such as mushrooms, sanma has traditionally been considered affordable.
1333	But, unsurprisingly, Apple has nixed the feature by rejecting the update which included the functionality from the App Store.
1334	But we’re often baffled by how frequently he appears to be on the wrong side of the puck.
1335	“But we should be able to do well this weekend,”
1336	But we speculate that something’s going to give since everyone in Trumpworld knows that the FBI and Robert Mueller have a record of all their communications.
1337	But we were already feeling increasingly stressed by our fast-track digital life, growing inequality and demographic change.
1338	But we were just as sure that Glenn’s performance — funny and fierce, lovely and loony — was heaven-sent.
1339	But what about the many Praveens and Nibeshs?
1340	“But what about those who use the station at Lockerbie?
1341	But what do Austin drivers think of the ban, and how Austin police plan to enforce it?
1342	But what happens when school day ends, and children who require extra support have to leave the cozy confines of their campus?
1343	But what has happened now is that not only is Trump letting in more Syrian refugees, but he is admitting them at twice the rate that Obama did.
1344	But when a high school basketball coach took him by the collar and told him to report to the gym, Horgan turned things around and devoted himself to sports and academics.
1345	But when attempting to install the replacement box, she felt the central primary bolt holding it in place was not as secure as she expected.
1346	But when it’s a Trump being treated the way Watters treats others, that behavior is an outrage that must be confronted.
1347	"But when she came up there and I could see her excitement and I could see this passion and this caring and this coach-like demeanor, it really made me think for a second, maybe I should give Jennifer a chance."
1348	But when they sign a guy that could be risky but now you're right they let.
1349	But where Selina’s history has always been checkered with crime and thievery, “Rebirth” re-established her as an outlaw, or a rebel, at worst.
1350	But, who can question the versatility of the upma, the one thing you can rustle up in a jiffy when guests suddenly arrive?
1351	But with 3 percent, they would have picked up $500 to $700 billion in additional revenues from faster growth.
1352	But, within 40 years, the city was transformed by the railways and waves of immigration.
1353	But with the right perspective, to be here now talking to you guys, it’s pretty cool.”
1354	But you can help me read.
1355	But you’re not a dictator here.
1356	Buying 8% below par is attractive in my opinion.
1357	Buying gifts for kids can be incredibly entertaining.
1358	Buy PhotoThe Adidas store, at Showcase Mall, 3785 Las Vegas Boulevard South, is under construction Friday, March 31, 2017, in Las Vegas.
1359	Buzzell-Curley said over the next few years she hopes to see the parade go immensely and a tradition that will carry on in town for many years to come.
1360	BuzzFeed News reporters will be stationed at locations throughout the D.C., with White House Correspondent Adrian Carrasquillo hosting coverage that will include trips to protest sites and a variety of historic locations.
1361	By 2008, the college number had barely changed, but the high school dropout incarceration rate had jumped to nearly 40%.
1362	By 2030, the goal is for all its products to be eco-friendly, the company said.
1363	By 2046, it will hit 141 percent of GDP.
1364	By 4 p.m., some generators in Rivera’s neighbourhood start rumbling as darkness approaches on the shortest day of the year.
1365	By 7:14 a.m., the FBI says "the subject was engaged by law enforcement and shot."
1366	By an Act of Congress of 1876, the consent of Senate was made requisite for the removal by the President of postmasters of the first, second and third grades.
1367	By Brendan Meyer/Tribune News Service Today at 9:41 a.m.
1368	By contrast, whites are divided in their views of the impact of free trade agreements (47% say they have been a good thing, 44% say they have been a bad thing).
1369	By donating blood only four times a year, we can easily avoid situations such as the one in which we find ourselves.”
1370	By extracting insights from both structured and unstructured data, AI empowers enterprises to produce more personalized interactions with buyers.
1371	By far the most important, accuracy is also the hardest to gauge.
1372	By Joe Jenkins This week’s episode of TBS’ Full Frontal with Samantha Bee takes a look at the divisive language around the Syrian refugee crisis—and the group pundits are pitting against.
1373	By June 27, you can assist her by answering this five-minute survey and sharing this link – bit.
1374	By Karl Evers-Hillstrom on Jan 25, 2017 at 8:45 p.m.
1375	By losing the dedicated optical lens and relying entirely on digital one, OnePlus 5T seem to perform reasonably well.
1376	By Manning Harris It’s always nice to…
1377	By midnight, it is upgraded to a Category 2 hurricane and is 220 miles from Port O’Connor, with sustained maximum winds of 100 mph (160 kph).
1378	By most measures, Donovan is just fine for Republicans here.
1379	By News Tribune Today at 1:04 p.m.
1380	By Obinna Ezugwu At the front of Cassava cafe, a restaurant in Chicago, US, there is an unmistakable bold notification: “We now accept bitcoin.”
1381	By pinpointing these episodes, he had underlined the lifelong contradiction in his attitudes toward revolution and state power.
1382	By placing the customer first and foremost in his strategy.
1383	By so doing the electorate will be in very good position to choose examplary leaders.
1384	By some definitions of “greatness”, it would be astonishing if the USA were not “great”.
1385	By the end of the day, more than a hundred patients had been evacuated.
1386	By the time they brought her home, they had already learned they were also expecting a biological child.
1387	By the way, I saw your picture, and you remind me of one of my favorite teachers.
1388	By the way, I was a reluctant remainer.
1389	“By the year 2020, Americans are expected to have an average of 50 devices connected to the internet,” Sawyer said.
1390	By year’s end, 27 of 61 individuals indicted in the three-year investigation have plead guilty.
1391	“By year’s end I’m sure I’ll make my mark.
1392	Caitlyn recently spilled the beans about her sex life during her marriage hell with the "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" matriarch.
1393	Calder is believed to have argued with onlookers who began filming the row.
1394	Caleb Rogers, with 14 points, and Jared Lawson, with 10, paced the Falcons (7-14).
1395	California Muslim leader apologizes for anti-semitic sermon.
1396	California’s windy and dry weather conditions are making it difficult for the 10,000 firefighters working to stamp out new wildfires from charring larger sections of the state.
1397	Call 455-8003 or 455-8348 for more information.
1398	Call 911 in the event of an emergency.
1399	Call a plumber or a furnace repair company to prepare your boiler or furnace for winter before the cold weather arrives.
1400	Called the 'Helderberg Baby Saver', it saved the life of a month-old baby boy just months after the initiative was set up.
1401	Call the police you say?
1402	Call to sign up or for more information 284-6300.
1403	Cameron said for 10 years he had been dreaming about this concert and helping battle mental-health problems.
1404	Camilla Cabello stepped out in London confirming what we already knew: it’s all about the sleeves.
1405	Candice de Witt and Julia Seabra dressed for the theme and were excited for the dayâ€™s flirty fun.
1406	• Can I break down my security apparatus and “see” each product’s contribution?
1407	Can Kawhi Leonard put the team on his back and carry them past the Rockets?
1408	Can that be a thing?
1409	Can’t imagine he is the right man for a relegation scrap…
1410	Can't, never has, never will.
1411	Canton’s Reference 3 K is dark, glossy, and imposing.
1412	Cantor Fitzgerald restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $55.00 price objective on shares of Luxoft Holding in a research report on Thursday, February 16th.
1413	Can we extend the spoilers thing until it's on Hulu?
1414	Can you send your suits to the cleaners less often?
1415	Caption: “My pockets are empty.
1416	Carbon markets have been operating successfully in the European Union and the U.S. state of California, despite some problems in determining prices and emissions caps.
1417	Car driving on Montopolis Bridge at night.
1418	Carlee Koldyke got the win on the mound with seven strikeouts.
1419	Carlos F. Reyes, 35, was charged with conspiracy at simple assault, simple assault, harassment and disorderly conduct.
1420	Carlsberg UK is understood to have no liabilities relating to the company’s previous ownership.
1421	Carmack was the center of some controversy in August when the County Commission discussed reports that he wasn't "showing up for calls," according to the County Commission and Pulaski County Sheriff Jimmy Bench.
1422	Carnes Crossroads holds their annual street party, 1-4 p.m., featuring live music, food trucks, family-friendly activities, and beer and wine for purchase.
1423	Carolina is now 20-9 on the year and 6-4 in league play, while Vandy improves to 20-11 overall and 5-5 in the SEC.
1424	Carolyn Ryan, lead coordinator of the response on behalf of the Department of Families, holds a towel and toiletries, along with a card reading 'Welcome to Canada.'
1425	Carpet, hardwood, tile, laminate, vinyl, and luxury vinyl tile are all available in abundance, with hundreds or even thousands of variations in each.
1426	Carr added a second TD pass to Crabtree in the fourth quarter that tied the game at 17.
1427	Carson told POLITICO that policy proposals are in the works, but in public appearances the one-time presidential candidate is sticking to his stump-speech staples.
1428	Casey quickly grasps who they are, but can any of them help her?
1429	Casey says the show of support is always important, but so is improving the care veterans receive after their service.
1430	Casio announced the successor to its WSD-F10 Android Wear smartwatch, called the WSD-F20, pitched again as an outdoor watch.
1431	Castle Silver Resources President and CEO Frank Basa (TSX:) discussed the company’s focus points for the upcoming year.
1432	Cathy Budde says her kids caught her first mid-squat, pants down and unashamed.
1433	Cathy Lynn Torres, 45, pleaded guilty to capital murder and first-degree battery.
1434	Cats jealous because my words paint a picture well, does this sound convincing.
1435	Cause if not, it is because he is uncouth.
1436	"Cause we're gonna go all night till we see the sunlight, alright."
1437	CBC News has reached out to School District 22 for comment.
1438	CBC/Radio Canada will provide coverage of the ninth North American Indigenous Games on multiple platforms.
1439	CBS Sports 5 days ago - SportsAlso reported by •SI.
1440	CCB Bankshares, Inc. is a Virginia state chartered bank holding company headquartered in South Hill, Virginia and parent company to Citizens Community Bank.
1441	CDB and China EXIM together lent $684 billion during 2007-14, equal to $700 billion lent by World Bank, Asian Development Bank and Inter-American Development Bank together.
1442	Celebrate Easter with specials such as filet mignon, rib eye, paella, ceviche, and causa de pollo.
1443	Celebrate Frankenstein Friday with a look at some enduring screen versions.
1444	Celebration is in order in Texas and around the country, as an attempt to pass a transgender “bathroom” bill went down in flames in a special session.
1445	Celebrity hairstylist Bridget Brager reportedly is the one who gave Kristen the new buzz cut.
1446	Cell C has appointed Douglas Craigie Stevenson as its new Chief Operations Officer.
1447	CEO Doug Parker said in a memo to staff that the company was "disappointed" to hear about the NAACP warning.
1448	CERF was among the first to provide funding when more than 20 million people were in or imminently close to famine in north-east Nigeria, South Sudan, Somalia and Yemen, helping to stave off the worst.
1449	Certainly not in the New York Times, not in the Washington Post, hardly on the major TV networks, and rarely above the louder voices in our Congress from either side.
1450	Cervical cancer is the second most common cancer in women living in less developed regions including Guyana.
1451	Chadlioui held a Belgian passport and has lived in Britain since 2015, according to Britain’s Press Association.
1452	Chadron State evens its overall record at 15-15, and runs its conference tally to 12-7.
1453	Champions Monaco are well represented in the Ligue 1 team of the season through Fabinho and Thomer Lemar.
1454	Chances of a deal with British officials had been put at 50:50 on Sunday afternoon, but at midnight Brussels time, officials said an agreement had not been reached.
1455	CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The son and grandson of golf professionals, Justin Thomas couldn’t think of a better major to win than the PGA Championship.
1456	Charlton Athletic midfielder 'has best two coaches he could.
1457	Charter Financial holds the No. 7 rank among its peers in the Finance-Savings & Loan industry group.
1458	Cheaper might be less likely.
1459	Check next week’s Advocate for a full story and more details on the situation.
1460	Check the gallery above for multiple Twi’leks, ’s iconic romantic couple, a double-take-worthy alien bug menace and a comic book homage to Prince and Bowie.
1461	Check your car and change out any questionable tires before they leave you stranded.
1462	Chegg believes that it is appropriate to exclude transitional logistic charges from non-GAAP financial measures because it enables the comparison of period-over-period operating results from continuing operations.
1463	Chelsea in complete control here.
1464	Chennai too may get thundershowers during the evening or nights during the weekend.
1465	Cherry Creek was seventh with 104 points.
1466	Chetos is sweet, shy, and can have a happy personality once he comes out of his shell.
1467	Chevrolet roped off the winding course with orange traffic cones, but the track wasn't so packed down that you didn't get the true off-road experience.
1468	CHEYENNE – The Green River Wolves made a late push against Cheyenne South but came up short in its return to action, 58-49.
1469	CHICAGO (AP) — Authorities say they have found an FBI vehicle that was stolen in Chicago when an agent left it running at gasoline station.
1470	Chicago rapper Vic Mensa performed a tight half-hour set supported by a hyped up, two-piece unit that switched between guitar, bass, and keyboards.
1471	"Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng stated that Dlamini's handling of this issue "can only be characterised as an absolute incompetence".
1472	“Chief Minister Nitish Kumar should order a high level probe into the ‘soil purchase scam’ in which Mr. Tej Pratap Yadav is involved.
1473	Chiefs fans thought they were robbed.
1474	"Children adjust very quickly to their surroundings.
1475	Children are a rather more picky TV audience these days.
1476	Children who wish to participate in sports have a large menu of options to choose from.
1477	Chimamanda stirred a storm over the weekend with these statements about transgender women.
1478	Chinamasa, also scrapped the controversial indigenisation law, the cornerstone of former president Robert Mugabe’s reelection in the past two general elections, restricting it to two minerals, platinum and diamonds.
1479	China's Communist Party wrote President Xi Jinping's name into the party constitution on Tuesday, formally elevating him to a status shared only by party icons Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping.
1480	China's Ministry of Defence claim that the drills were aimed at testing weapons and honing the military's abilities in conducting coastal assaults along with intercepting air targets.
1481	Chinese companies financed the Ethiopia-Djibouti Railway and now provide training of local stewards, drivers and technicians, creating thousands of new jobs and nurturing railway expertise for the two African countries.
1482	Chipotle said it considered nearly 20 potential agency partners.
1483	Choi has also dealt with budget cuts, something MU and the UM System are familiar with as of late.
1484	Choose the 1½ -foot spacing for earlier maximum plant density and production.
1485	Chosen by a poll of national college basketball experts, the list is comprised of 25 student-athletes who are the frontrunners for the sport’s most prestigious individual honor, based on their performances during the first half of the 2016-2017 season.
1486	Chris eventually gave up and returned the camera before leaving.
1487	Chrissy Teigen and John Legend took their daughter Luna to meet the Easter Bunny this week.
1488	Chrissy Teigen recently opened up about her battle with postpartum depression in the April issue of Glamour, and John has been by her side every step of the way.
1489	Christian’s style of play, combined with his offensive abilities, are exactly Merrimack’s style of play and we look forward to him contributing to Merrimack’s continued success.”
1490	Christopher Hill, a former U.S. ambassador to Iraq, joins Morning Joe to discuss the latest in North Korea, how China fits into the developments and how the White House is responding.
1491	Chronic pain in the back, hips or pelvis.
1492	Chukwura, a first-year, said she will keep things in check so that no individual person or group will have an unfair advantage in campus life.
1493	CINCINNATI -- The owner of a Cincinnati crematory says flames from the cremation of an "overly obese" body spread outside a furnace when the fire got too hot in what he describes as a "freak accident."
1494	Citigroup Inc. now owns 4,313 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $117,000 after acquiring an additional 2,726 shares in the last quarter.
1495	City commissioners heard their first overview of the budget by City Manager Toby Dougherty during their work session last week.
1496	City Council President Mike Killeen said he was confident voters will pass the tax extension.
1497	City got a creditable 1-1 draw at Sincil Bank in front of more than 21,000 spectators.
1498	City staff have recommended the list only be released for special projects.
1499	Clancy’s is set to open at 7 a.m. on Friday with a Kegs & Eggs party and live music kicks off at 11 a.m., to continue through the wee hours—bagpipes, bluegrass, and all.
1500	Clara Boucher in action outside Arbor Park Primary School.
1501	Clarke is a teacher, and said the incident led her to teach her Grade 6 students how to do the Heimlich during health class Monday morning.
1502	“Clark is no stranger to narcotics officers,” said Hinds County Sheriff’s Department Major Pete Luke.
1503	Clashes erupted Friday between Israeli troops and Palestinians in West Bank and across the region.
1504	Clayton Carpenter first left his mark in the community as a scholastic track and field athlete at Lakeland High School.
1505	Clayton Police said Hannah M. Sylvester of Clayton was seen walking into the woods of the Glassboro Wildlife Management Area behind Clayton High School around 3 p.m. on Monday afternoon.
1506	Clay Travis promptly went on Fox News to criticize Skipper and ESPN.
1507	Clearly, arch Trump defenders like Gingrich cannot abide by having a special counsel investigation proceed where it cannot influence its scope, censor its findings and shape the publicly reported outcome.
1508	Clearly, Nina Dobrev and Nikki Reed were once friends, but they are not best friends now.
1509	Clearly something went catastrophically wrong.
1510	CLEVELAND INDIANS — Agreed to terms with OF Brandon Barnes and RHPs Evan Marshall and Neil Ramirez on minor league contracts.
1511	'Climate denialism will not hold water'
1512	Climate models have indicated with high confidence that climate change will lead to an increase in extreme rainfall events.
1513	Clinton has been looking at where some of the Google searches for WikiLeaks were coming from.
1514	Clinton supported those democratic policies.
1515	Clocking in at a svelte 560 pages, the bill will take months if not years to fully understand.
1516	"Close SME Bank Comrade Calle, we support you on that idea," Muniaro said.
1517	Clouds come back for the weekend with more risks of frost ahead.
1518	CNN's series could have shed light on the heart of belief.
1519	Coach Del Rio spoke to reporters after the Raiders were routed by the Broncos in Denver Sunday afternoon.
1520	Coach said the defense was going to be sloppy so take advantage of sloppy defense.
1521	Coal import declined 27.5% in April-December 2016 compared to the previous year.
1522	Coats insisted the “modest” escalation wouldn’t change things.
1523	Coderre was asked how anybody will know whether he met with a lobbyist if the lobbyist doesn’t sign in.
1524	Coincidently or not, both justices were among five justices that political conservatives had targeted for removal at the behest of the governor.
1525	Coldwater ran off the next three points, capped by a Kahlig kill, to regain the lead at 21-20.
1526	Coleen opted to post a throwback picture of wide-eyed Rosie as a toddler, wearing her hair in two bunches on either side of her head, as her poignant tribute yesterday.
1527	Coleman, Freeman’s aunt, is remembered for her pioneering role in aviation and serving as a inspiration to early pilots.
1528	Colin Drew was already subject to a community order because of similar offences when he was caught with more images on his phone and laptop in June last year.
1529	Colon said locals are frustrated with the federal government's efforts, as well as comments from President Donald Trump.
1530	Colon was able to get $5,000 in state funds through a grant program developed by Downtown Shenandoah Inc. The grants are available to property owners in downtown Shenandoah.
1531	COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) – A new program at Ohio State University will let older residents from the surrounding area earn vouchers through volunteer work to help cover tuition for themselves, relatives or other students in need.
1532	Combined it has resulted in tens of thousands of dollars in revenue loss, and the Grand Jury went so far as to say a possible solution is that Angels Camp no longer be incorporated, and go under the direct control of the county.
1533	Combine remaining ingredients, except butter.
1534	“Come back, moon!” someone yelled.
1535	Comedian Rosie O'Donnell has donated the maximum amount of money to Democrat Kathryn Allen, Rep. Jason Chaffetz's (R-Utah) 2018 challenger.
1536	Comedy, an entertainment zone notoriously dominated by the male point of view, has opened up in the decades since “Kids,” but progress has been fitful.
1537	Comedy is hard.
1538	Come on the Os!
1539	Comey was asked by several senators whether Trump seemed to be interested or concerned about Russia's misconduct or the threat Russia posed.
1540	Commander Dean Haydon, head of the Metropolitan Police Service Counter Terrorism Command, said Mire was “inspired by Isis” to carry out the unprovoked attack, while the judge concluded that he was motived by events in Syria.
1541	Commercial acreage totaling 51.84 acres in the Uptown Village addition along Southwest I Street in Bentonville recently sold for $4.35 million.
1542	Commercial airline service from Key West International Airport will also be suspended Wednesday evening due to the evacuation of TSA personnel.
1543	Committal service will follow in Roselawn Memory Gardens.
1544	Commuters in Athens will face a difficult day on Thursday as staff on public transport stage work stoppages to coincide with a 24-hour strike called by the country’s two main umbrella labor unions.
1545	Comparatively, 95.1% of Humana shares are held by institutional investors.
1546	Compared to other electric cars on the market, there isn't another vehicle-—save for pricey Teslas starting at $70,000 or more—that comes close to what the Bolt EV offers.
1547	Compared with 70 years ago, when much of the country was legally segregated, daily life has improved for racial and ethnic minorities.
1548	Compelled over the stormy scenario, the Speaker adjourned the assembly for an hour and later extended it to 3 pm.
1549	“Complainant of the case alleged Garima’s family were against her relationship with Shoaib,” said the SHO.
1550	Compound that with a year of solid releases, and you’ve got something truly extraordinary… Who would have thought a brewery with the word “gun” in its name would come guns blazing?
1551	Comprehensive health reform is one of those issues.
1552	Computer Networking student Mateusz, who works as a sales support assistant with Fastenal Europe Ltd, said: “I am very grateful to be awarded with Regional SEOTY award and I thank everyone who has helped me achieving this nomination.”
1553	Condemning the condemners, shifting attention to the motives of others, such as regulators, prosecutors and government agencies.
1554	Confidence in who she is and supportive of other women without being competitive and petty.
1555	Congrats to the Blue Sky and Fox teams for being a part of this journey with me.
1556	Congratulations to on Kevin and Eniko on their soon-to-be new addition to the family.
1557	Congressman Smith has personally visited troubled spots in Nigeria and especially those geo-political zones that are considered the frontline of ethnic and religious conflicts.
1558	Congress’s prior reluctance to use the CRA may be attributed to its requirement that legislators challenge rules one by one.
1559	Connie Blake, a longtime friend of Merrill’s and an associate with the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth, spoke on behalf of the family.
1560	Connor Sports, which has a sales office in Elk Grove Village, Illinois, donated the flooring.
1561	Consequently, only 1 in 700 deaths result in any estate tax whatsoever, and the tax only applies to the top 0.1 percent of American households.
1562	Consequently this includes individuals who are now, themselves, between 53 and 71 years of age.
1563	Considering human history is 6000 years was wondering Paul, who was collecting the CO2 data 400,000 years ago?
1564	Considering Price is one of the guys he filled the swamp with, I’m not sure what the point is.
1565	"Considering that we're talking about national security and foreign policy, there's a wide amount of discretion available to the administration," said Dan Pickard, a trade attorney and anti-boycott expert at Wiley Rein.
1566	Considering the first film made around $2.7 billion dollars worldwide, which certainly isn’t a gross you hit because of pure luck, he’s probably correct not be worried.
1567	Contact frostbite and exposure are real concerns for those out on the tundra.
1568	Contact the shelter if interested in meeting Tabitha, as she might be at an off-site adoption center.
1569	Contemporary artists have the privilege of history – where working in any context of music production, whether wholly independent or in some negotiation with a mainstream construct, is entirely possible without “selling out”.
1570	Conte, who has insisted he will see out his three year contract with Chelsea despite reports linking him to the Inter Milan job in Italy, saw his side’s 10 point lead cut to seven over Tottenham Hotspur last weekend.
1571	Continental AG (ETR:CON) was given a €227.40 ($249.89) target price by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock.
1572	Contrary to the author’s devious claim, the SIS DG Ousman Sowe had never been dismissed from the then NIA and had never been an LO for the Agency in Seirra Leone.
1573	Contributions in his memory can be made to the nonprofit group You’ve Got a Friend, Inc. Checks with Bill or William Bishop in the subject line may be mailed to the law offices of George B. Brush, 459 State Road, West Tisbury, Mass. 02575.
1574	Convergence of technologies like machine to machine (M2M) and Internet of things (IoT) are dependent on telecom.
1575	Conversely, it may be possible that the bombing occurred at the behest of Kabul.
1576	Cook for 4-5 hours.
1577	Coonrod’s behavior on supervision has not been without problems and she has received modifications, yet each of her modifications has occurred within a context.
1578	Cooperating with the system helps us do that.”
1579	Coordinated by the Coalition to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol, a ballot drive started Friday to gather about 252,000 signatures needed to qualify for a statewide vote, The Associated Press reported.
1580	Coral Desert Rehabilitation and Care was given the award in two categories: Professional Therapy Services and Safety and Security.
1581	Corix said when the water-distribution system lost pressure, there was potential for contamination of the water supply by bacteria, viruses or parasites.
1582	Correct, in that neighborhood.
1583	Correction: A previous version of this article said RaeLynn’s Columbus concert was on Wednesday, April 19. In fact, it is on Thursday, April 20.
1584	Correspondents Savannah Sellers and Gadi Schwartz, hosts of the new NBC News Snapchat show “Stay Tuned.”
1585	Corroborating, the State Commissioner for Health, Alhaji Atolagbe Alege said the Ministry had deployed both human and material resources needed to the cases are localized and treated.
1586	Cost of attendance for this past school year was $32,170 and next year it will increase to $33,900, according to the Benedictine website.
1587	COS, whose budget more than tripled between 2011 and 2015 to $5.7 million, now has a total of 12 states behind its more unlikely, but more dangerous, approach.
1588	Couch Middle Media Specialist Karen Garner poses for a picture with Principal Devon Williams after she was named this year’s GCPS Media Specialist of the Year.
1589	Councilman Banks, who once worked for Yarber, recused himself.
1590	Council Member Keil said “people are clamoring for cheaper energy.”
1591	Courtesy of baskets by Zackery, senior Lucas Graveley and Anderson, the Falcons had a 33-17 edge.
1592	Court martial documents made public Monday evening state that Kelley kicked, choked and struck his wife in 2011 and 2012.
1593	Cousins Properties had a return on equity of 3.11% and a net margin of 14.48%.
1594	Cox hopes the Cinderella Closet will become an annual project.
1595	Cracker and Camper Van Beethoven – 191 Toole, doors open 8 p.m., all ages, $51-$191.
1596	Crafters at the Wheaton Barbecue offered a wide range of homemade and commercial products.
1597	Craig ran for the 56th district seat in 2011, but the Republican nominating committee chose Farrell.
1598	Cranford’s Eastman Plaza, featues of a ‘parklet’ that allow residents and visitors to the downtown area to enjoy the business district.
1599	Created for New York audio brand Master & Dynamic, the architect’s design uses a concrete composite that allowed him to take the home speaker to sculptural new heights.
1600	Creating awareness: A visitor at an exhibition organised by Thanal suicide prevention centre on the occasion of World Suicide Prevention Day in Kozhikode on Sunday.
1601	Creating JVM is pretty well handled and described in MOS Note:1612279.1.
1602	Cressida attended £30,000-a-year Stowe School in Buckingham where she showed a flair for acting as well as sport.
1603	Crews closed the section near Louisiana Highway 531 to perform emergency roadwork, the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development said.
1604	Crews had the fire under control around 7:30 p.m. but remained on scene for several hours, drawing a large crowd of onlookers.
1605	Crews raced to rescue a man trapped in rushing flood waters in San Antonio, Texas.
1606	Crews responded to the two-vehicle accident around 2:45 p.m. on Route 55 northbound, just north of Exit 39/US 40, in Franklinville.
1607	Crews will be providing regularly scheduled sanitation collection on Monday, May 29, 2017.
1608	Criminal Investigation Command is further investigating the case.
1609	Criminal justice experts say police have little choice but to let these fights happen.
1610	Criminals are your dembare supporters dressed in referees’ robes.
1611	Critics said that the government was evading responsibility for keeping the metal detectors in place by leaving the ultimate decision up to the police.
1612	Crocker Stephenson of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel wrote a story about Emily.
1613	Crowds enjoyed a full afternoon and evening of Christmas celebration.
1614	Crowley has reached an even higher level this year.
1615	Crown attorney Christine Driscoll has made an application with Nova Scotia Supreme Court to try and revoke Garnier’s bail based on new allegations.
1616	Crozier was appointed a non-executive director of Whitbread, the owner of Costa Coffee and Premier Inn, in January.
1617	Cruz has hit 103 of his 300 home runs in his three seasons with the Mariners and, at 37, is one of the team’s respected leaders.
1618	Crying toddler is forced to stand on bus because last.
1619	Crystal Folger-Hawks, a career coach for Surry County Schools, will act as project manager for the Next Generation Career Academy.
1620	CSU Bakersfield reported 11 combined reported crimes, and Stanislaus State University reported 33. The majority of Fresno State’s reported crimes are those of motor vehicle theft, with Fresno coming in at 30 reported offenses.
1621	Culture Secretary Karen Bradley was quizzed on whether the number of armed police officers in the country had gone up or down.
1622	Cunningham, a righthander, could also see significant time on the mound this season, as he made 15 appearances out of the bullpen a year ago.
1623	Curran never had a chance.
1624	Currently before the courts is the Lincoln County Commission's civil action against pharmaceutical suppliers.
1625	Currently earning more than 450 million naira, The Wedding Party is beating out Hollywood contenders like Batman vs. Superman, Captain America, and Suicide Squad at Nigerian cinemas.
1626	Currently, Government is paying out US$5 million every week towards payment for gold delivered by small-scale miners, which is weighing down the availability for physical cash for ordinary citizens.
1627	Currently, only around 300 districts have NH linkages.
1628	Cutkosky said one challenge is that the gecko material doesn’t work well in wet conditions, so it may not be useful for skin bandages or underwater exploration.
1629	Cypress County is mourning the death of James Hargrave, a firefighter who died battling near the southeastern hamlet of Hilda.
1630	Cypress Sessions: Music from the Soul of Florida – Thursday at 10 p.m.
1631	Cy Twombly was a remarkable artist.
1632	Dabate has told investigators a masked man shot his wife and tied him up.
1633	Dabwali town of Sirsa district is the first stoppage of the â€˜Cancer Expressâ€™.
1634	Daigle was in his second year of teaching, she said.
1635	Daily Kos, the left-leaning website, began promoting him.
1636	Dakota State outscored Dakota Wesleyan 42-34 in the final twenty minutes of the game.
1637	Dallas already lucked out in the draft lottery moving up to the third spot, and acquiring another late first round pick could add more depth to the prospect pool.
1638	Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo drives a golf cart.
1639	Damned fine pizza, though.
1640	Damn, PA, your cost-of-living is outta control!
1641	Damore added that his firing "neatly confirms that point."
1642	Dangal collected approximately Rs 20 crore gross together at the China and Taiwan box office on its 20th day.
1643	Daniel Caron is a news editor at the Tufts Daily.
1644	Daniels, who was nominated for an Oscar in 2010 for directing to give her first dramatic performance in 15 years in says he didn’t expect this role as super-producer overseeing an entire night of cable television.
1645	Dan went off to fight the war and Elizabeth ended up with a 2-year-old, no friends, and the worst rainstorm year known to California at the time.
1646	Daren Hayward was then joined by Ziaf Kulasi, and the pair shared a vital fifth- wicket stand of 92 before Kulasi was victim number one for Barry Collins for 63.
1647	Darn near every Kia that I see in motion is being operated exhibiting some manner of idiocy.
1648	Darren Fletcher is getting a lot of time and space in midfield and has already shown his willingness to try to pick out Jese and Chuopo Moting up front.
1649	Darren was lovely.
1650	Data collected from noon to 5 p.m. helps detect plant response and assist with irrigation decisions.
1651	Data ought to be collected related to how scholarships are currently distributed and what demographics of students receive those scholarships.
1652	Data value is revolutionizing storage: In a previous blog entitled, “Measuring the economic value of data,” I introduced a way of thinking about and measuring data value.
1653	DAVENPORT, Iowa (KWQC) — A colony of bees was caught on camera in Davenport on Thursday, April 20, 2017.
1654	David Ethan Dilks, 51, of Locust Grove faces one felony count of Internet stalking of a child, according to a news release from the Faulkner County sheriff’s office.
1655	David McDonald, chair of Glasgow Life, which runs the museums service, said: “Unsurprisingly, we are beyond delighted to discover the painting is by Rubens, an artist renowned globally as one of the most important painters in history.
1656	Davis has introduced legislation to keep insurance companies from discriminating against people with these conditions.
1657	DC Comics Rebirth & Superman Reborn Spoilers: Who Is The Clark Kent Double & Who Escaped The Watchmen’s Mr. Oz?
1658	DC is a festering dump where people get shot dead in the streets like animals.
1659	Dead End BBQ is an award-winning, unique American neighborhood barbecue restaurant located at 3612 Sutherland Avenue in Knoxville.
1660	“Dear Pulse, My name is Kimberly, a 29-year-old lady.
1661	Deborah Lightfoot, independent chairman of Richmond’s Local Safeguarding Children Board, said: ‘Over the past few years, there have been a number of police investigations and subsequent prosecutions regarding historic abuse allegations at St Paul’s.
1662	Deceased children are Eva (stillborn), Stacey and Marilyn.
1663	Decided not to do tired or just look and feel and he's away and eleven seconds.
1664	Dedicated to providing a liberal arts education to its 1,338 students, Hendrix College boasts small class sizes and an 11-1 student-teacher ratio.
1665	Deepika turned up the glam quotient in a Brandon Maxwell gown, teamed with diamonds by De Grisogono, Chloe Gosselin shoes.
1666	DeepMind wants to research governance and accountability ethics?
1667	Defending champion Garbine Muguruza advanced to the fourth round of the French Open Tennis tournament in Paris this morning with a straight-sets victory over Yulia Putintseva.
1668	Defending series champ Johnny Sauter says it'll be an old school weekend you know church or Grayson and and that's kind of what would you know I grew up going in and there reminds me a lot of similar racetracks that we race on them.
1669	Defense attorney Ryan O’Neill says the deal’s details will remain confidential until then.
1670	Defense attorneys told the jury the government didn’t prove conspiracy or any other charges against defendants Scott Drexler, Todd Engel, Eric Parker and Steven Stewart of Idaho, Gregory Burleson of Arizona, and Richard Lovelien.
1671	Defensive backs coach Cory Undlin saw Douglas do that and it got him fired up.
1672	Delaney said he's tried to bring up gun legislation for years, but he's blocked by Republicans and the NRA.
1673	Delays in ECG reviews also delayed patient care, and cardiologists knew they needed a different approach.
1674	Del Duca would not say whether the province would still consider Bombardier for future projects.
1675	De León, who is 50, grew up in a San Diego barrio with, in his own telling, a chip on his shoulder.
1676	Delivering a stealthy judo knee to the crotch is at the top of that list.
1677	Delivering that kind of value is vital.
1678	Deloitte, which also provides cyber security and consulting services, including helping businesses analyse potential acquisition targets, did not say which units were affected.
1679	Delpy calls his free tool for decrypting infected computers without paying ransom "wanakiwi".
1680	Delta waves are linked with a healthy immune response and deep, or non-REM, sleep.
1681	Demands such as those now being made by de Maizière haven't been seen in Germany since 2001, when then-Interior Minister Otto Schily presented a list of far-reaching security measures following the attacks in the United States.
1682	Democrats won a tight race for governor in Virginia and picked up wins in many races across the country.
1683	Denis Coderre shakes hands at Montreal's Armenian cultural centre.
1684	“Dennis made good points about the tram having to traverse two major roads downtown twice a day,” he said.
1685	DENVER --Chipotle is celebrating Halloween with two great deals - including giving away free burritos for a year.
1686	Denzil Douglas is a citizen of another country other than St. Kitts and Nevis,” Harris said.
1687	Depending on your budget, this deal's outgoing city could make for two incredible vacations in one.
1688	Depp learned of the problems after hiring a new management company in March 2016, the complaint states.
1689	Depression, suicide and alcoholism are all on the rise in Vietnam as urbanization, job competition and failed expectations take a collective toll on the nation's mental health.
1690	Deputies who went to the scene reported Bill Campbell, 34, 136 Hillmont Drive, Johnson City, had been in an argument with his wife.
1691	Deputy Chief John Blue of the Portage Police Department told FOX 17 Friday afternoon, "right now we have the husband as the person of interest that we are looking at.
1692	Derek Bastian, pastor of the Transformation Christian Center and the school counselor at Sister Thea Bowman, said the goal of the Family University Program is to bring community members, families and students together.
1693	De Revue invites all writers, producers and artistes to register for this year’s “Annou manjé, dansé, chanté en kwéyòl (pou Chacom)”.
1694	Derrick Campana kneels beside Angel Marie, a three-legged mini horse who wears a prosthetic leg made by Campana, at Animal Ortho Care in Sterling, Va., March 27, 2017.
1695	Describing APGA as the Igbo philosophy and identity, Obiano bragged that what happened on November 18 when APGA swept the entire poll in Anambra State would be replicated in Imo, Abia, Enugu, and Ebonyi states in 2019.
1696	Designers of the fashion industry also participate in that nonsense.
1697	Designing and building parade floats, photography, woodworking and crafts were some of Sue’s favorite activities.
1698	DES MOINES, Iowa – Police have released the name of a man killed in a shooting Tuesday night.
1699	Despite all the losses so far, Cupello feels UCR is close to breaking through and getting a win.
1700	Despite all this, Kohli would be happy.
1701	Despite fears to the contrary, Le Pen’s brand of far-right populism also wasn’t the catch-all solution for voters fed up with the status quo.
1702	Despite her loss, Le Pen's advancement to the presidential runoff for the first time marked a breakthrough for the 48-year-old and underscored a growing acceptance of her anti-immigration, France-first nationalism.
1703	Despite her reservations about the role, Bareilles is embracing those challenges.
1704	Despite injuries, Alonso has shown big playmaking from inside linebacker.
1705	Despite repeated efforts to contact the asylum-seekers, officials and nongovernmental groups would not let us speak to them directly because refugee protection claims are private under Canadian law.
1706	Despite the inexperienced squad, the Eagles have been able to keep the streak afloat — but they’ve had some close call along the way.
1707	Despite the Potters' reputation for frustrating Arsenal in recent years, Wenger will feel Hughes' men are there for the taking this weekend - despite the Gunners' leaky defence.
1708	Despite the rise of email and more private package deliverers, USPS says its volume is expected to be 10% more than the same period last year.
1709	Despite the winning their Sunrise League opener the always pessimistic coach Bob Snell said,” We didn’t play our best, credit to Del Sol they have improved a lot the last few years.”
1710	Detailing FAQs in a welcome page gives the new hire a handy resource that answers the most common questions and makes them feel comfortable in a new work environment.
1711	Details about what led to the alleged assault weren’t immediately available.
1712	Details on their roles have not been released but production is scheduled to begin this week.
1713	Details regarding the man’s age, vehicle and hometown were not available at the time this report was taken.
1714	Detective Inspector Pilmar Powell, who also lives in the community, expressed shock at his passing.
1715	Detective James Woods and his wife show their pride in the award.
1716	Detectives from the Street Crimes Unit continue to investigate this incident and to identify the rightful owners of the seized property believed to have been taken from previous Break and Enters.
1717	Det. Jackso said police believe Abedi was “in possession of this case in the days before the attack” but stressed that it was not the item he used during the attack.
1718	Developed in the 1970s, the B-1 constitutes the backbone of the United States long-range bomber force.“
1719	Developers who don't like the idea of sharing 30% of their revenue with Apple have no choice but to accept it or remove their apps from the company's application marketplace.
1720	Devine hopes Canada will be able to move to a screening method that looks more closely at individual behaviour.
1721	• Dexter Lady Demons at Tucumcari, 6 p.m.
1722	“DHL has cultivated an insanely customer centric culture across the entire organization, which we see as a critical component of our success.
1723	Diamonds are a girl’s best friend — but friendship comes at a high price when you’re shopping the jewelry department on Amazon.
1724	"Diane meant "sorry to disappoint" in reference to revealing anything concerning "Justice League" that is not already out in the public, and, was declining to comment on a film (Avengers) that she has not seen.
1725	Diane Turley, 53, who was charged with failing to report an accident that involved a death, appeared for a Sunday afternoon hearing before Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil at the Leighton Criminal Court Building.
1726	Diaz is still in the process of deciding on her next stop.
1727	Did a cat knock it over?
1728	Did Dossier Trigger the Trump-Russia Probe?
1729	Did he have rights to fight it, not based on timing of his case.
1730	Didn’t municipal reps just get put into place?
1731	Did the Janata government try to give it constitutional status?
1732	Dietician Summary van der Merwe, shared some of the benefits of breastfeeding, which include keeping the baby healthy.
1733	Digging through a bunch of photos the other day, I came across one from Father’s Day, 1964.
1734	Diggs, with 903 yards, almost certainly would have reached the century mark had he not missed three games due to injury.
1735	Dimapur, April 8 (EMN): Yet again, the Khelhoshe Polytechnic in Atoizu in Zunheboto district has been robbed.
1736	Dinner starts at 7:30.
1737	“Diplomatic maestro & deeply caring man who did all he cld to bridge US-RUS differences.”
1738	Directions for cream: Place coconut milk in refrigerator for 20 minutes.
1739	Director Danny Gurwin has gathered a gaggle of BFA students—and one faculty member—who give the story great energy and the song-and-dance numbers an impressive level of skill.
1740	Director David Leitch also mourned the stuntwoman’s death.
1741	Director helmed all 18 episodes of the new series, coming May 21 to Showtime.
1742	“Disgusted by reported vandalism of African-American churches across Morristown.
1743	Disneyland temporarily shuts its arrival gates…
1744	Disney never expected Rogue One to do what Star Wars: The Force Awakens did, and it will be hard for any Star Wars movie to ever match the anticipation that was felt heading into that movie at the end of 2015.
1745	Disney Research has developed an authoring tool for motion cycles that enables novices to rapidly create a motion cycle and enhances the workflow for expert animators.
1746	Districts and schools received A-F grades on each of the six components and most of the individual measures.
1747	Diversification is said to be one of the only free benefits that you can get while investing.
1748	Diversity is not up for debate!
1749	Diving catches from freshman right fielder Michael Toglia and sophomore center fielder Daniel Amaral against Utah highlighted the outfield’s playmaking ability, but UCLA’s defense overall has been consistent all season.
1750	Doctors have always shouted themselves hoarse, with regular reminders that, it is a given,and a scientific desidaratum, that males are reponsible for the sexes of their babies.
1751	Doctors said there was nothing wrong.
1752	“Doctor Who” returns Saturday, April 15, at 9 p.m. ET/PT on BBC America.
1753	Documents also show the president can revoke the trust, which was amended three days before his inauguration, at any time.
1754	Documents have now surfaced revealing that during Vega’s tenure, his son, Andre, was also gifted a portion of Mosquito Caye, an island situated near to Leonardo Di Caprio’s Blackadore Caye.
1755	Does Chelsea Clinton Support Donald Trump?
1756	Does Cuomo Have the Answer to 421a?
1757	Doesn’t it feel good when everything in your life is nice and orderly?
1758	DOESN’T mean i agree with it, but that i understand the reasoning behind it.
1759	Does this idea of good parents producing good children always work?
1760	Does your ideal night out involve massive plates of sashimi, a kimchi pancake, and a pitcher or three of strawberry soju slushie?
1761	Dogs, at the command of their owner/trainer, direct four sheep through a set course.
1762	Do I have to upload the image before anyone else does in order to get “first dibs” on it?
1763	Dole also noted she has no authority to force Ott, an independently elected official and still her boss, to step down.
1764	Dolores Sosa Green (right), CEO of Trinity River Mission, reads a statement during a rally with the Strong Schools Strong Dallas coalition at the DISD headquarters in Dallas, Thursday, May 25, 2017.
1765	Dolphins are 13-4 over the past 17 games despite all of the issues they have/are dealing with…
1766	Domestic airlines flew 1.04 crore passengers in October, registering a growth of 20.52 per cent over 86.72 lakh passengers flown during the same period in the previous year.
1767	Dominica, through the Ministry of Tourism and Urban Renewal, is working to exceed the expectation of visitors to the island in an effort to sustain the sector.
1768	Dominion must file a complete report with the SCC “regarding the constructability of the Carver Road Route, or not, and/or proceed with any requests for variations to the Carver Road Route, or reconsideration of alternative noticed route,” by Sept. 22.
1769	Domino’s musical style was inspired by the likes of pianist Meade Lux Lewis and singer Louis Jordan.
1770	Donald Trump held a fabulous “Made In America” showcase at the White House Monday, with an American Made product from each of the 50 states.
1771	Donald Trump might be on his way to the White House, but “Apprentice” alum Summer Zervos hopes to take him to a courthouse.
1772	Donald Trump’s administration was left red-faced Thursday after the Kremlin surprised them by releasing pictures of a closed-door meeting between the US president and Russia’s top diplomat.
1773	Donald Trump's White House prayer meeting - how did we not notice this before?
1774	Donation bins for The Trail Foundation.
1775	Donations of money are always welcome.
1776	Donâ€™t miss the fast-rising, uber-talented mix master DJ Arch Jnr live at Carnival City, tomorrow.
1777	Donna Pavey never thought she would ever see her daughter Sharon Glidden again, after giving her baby up for adoption, KVUE reports.
1778	Do noise problems affect school performance?
1779	Donor and recipient cells, tissues, and organs should match or be compatible with the recipient's or can lead to transplant rejection.
1780	Do not talk about matters you do not understand very well.
1781	“Dont’a is a special player, and he does a lot for this team.
1782	Don’t ask your female colleagues to sleep with you.
1783	Don’t forget about your windshield wipers – If they’re worn out and not doing their job, replace them right away.
1784	Don’t forget that this was the one of the major positions held by the boko haram.”
1785	Dont forget Trump once cut off his nephew’s health insurance because he is an asshole.
1786	Don't pay too much attention to the name: after extensive analysis, I can't find anything in the Github repository related to cookies or indeed any other baked good.
1787	Don't raise such issues which are very sensitive to some states.
1788	Don't they know it was a success?
1789	"Don't try to challenge them," she said.
1790	Don’t try to play something off at what it’s not.”
1791	Don’t you mean “304”?
1792	Don’t you people get tired of beating that character up with so many others that really deserve it?
1793	Doorframes leading to the principal’s office were found vandalized and appeared to have been forced out of place.
1794	Dorsey, coached by Charles Mincy, is a game away from returning to the Division I finals, where the Dons, despite a brutal non-league schedule, survived enough to turn their season around.
1795	Dosunmu heads into his senior season at Morgan Park as the front-runner for Mr. Basketball.
1796	Do tiny pieces of DNA hold the secret to aging?
1797	Do transgender Americans’ bathroom needs vary from state to state?
1798	“Doug Jones is making the classic liberal mistake, reminding people how ‘moderate’ he is, like visiting Planned Parenthood,” says Connors.
1799	Douglas says it’s unfortunate that profanity was used, but overall, He says Hesch is good for Colfax.
1800	Dover brought its Elevated Master Stream truck.
1801	Download the Mountain Youth Photo Contest entry form and submit your photos!
1802	Downstairs is a surprisingly bright snug, another bathroom and a further two bedrooms, which can be opened up to form a spacious suite.
1803	Down the road, we expect Chevy to add all-wheel drive and updated battery tech to the car, giving it even more agility and traction in all weather conditions.
1804	Do you even need a reason to have Chinese?
1805	Do you have any "food hacks" or secret things that you have figured out?
1806	Do you realize how stupid you are?
1807	Do you remember that evening?”
1808	"Do you think I should learn Arabic?
1809	Dozens are feared dead today after an inferno started when a fridge exploded ripped through a 27-storey London tower block now on the verge of collapse.
1810	D., promised at a public forum in Minot last week to work for more federal resources to fight an opioid crisis.
1811	Drastic problems require drastic solutions.
1812	Draw whiskers on your face and memorize the Tony Romo commentary.
1813	Dr. David Goldstein tests Vastag on a tilt-table.
1814	Dress for the cold, Canada.
1815	Drewes had two hits and two runs batted in for Frazee, while Wacker, Tappe and Dalton Smith had hits for the Hornets.
1816	Drew has Jason’s memories, but he’s still his own man.
1817	Drier weather and light winds are forecast to fill in behind it.
1818	Drive out to the boondocks and park down by the creek, and where it's George Strait 'til real late and dancing cheek to cheek.
1819	Drivers are advised to allow additional time for the commute and to expect lane closures and reduced speed in the area.
1820	Dr. Lamar Goree has issued a statement saying his plan will no longer recommend closing Atkins Elementary and Queensborough Elementary.
1821	Dr Lexi's job is to wake the player from a 600-year sleep, transport them to the Tempest spaceship and look after them throughout the game as they join a mission to explore and colonise the Andromeda galaxy.
1822	Dr Raied Al-Wazzan has lived in Belfast since 1990 and works for a business that supplies cameras to Nasa.
1823	Dr Sarah McMullen, Head of Knowledge, NCT, said: “Becoming a parent can be challenging and it can affect dads’ mental health.
1824	Dr. Shapiro discovered that eye movements have a desensitizing effect on the nervous system.
1825	Drugs Theft, etc. I’ve had the cops drive past me multiple times while I’m painting.
1826	Drum Machine market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving revenue growth and profitability.
1827	Dr Wamelink said human excrement and urine will also have to be used to fertilise the soil, but pig slurry is being used for 'practical and safety reasons.'
1828	Du’Barry Spinks did not have any prior convictions, his barrister Andrew Thompson had previously informed the court.
1829	Dubas Funeral Home of Osceola and Stromsburg was in charge of arrangements.
1830	Due to its popularity, the Rover cleared 40,000 miles in just 54 weeks, a few months sooner than is our average for a long-term test.
1831	Due to its small size, however, the danger of the critical condition of the bridge is limited.
1832	Due to sensational, often premature speculation, decades of conservation progress for bats is now in jeopardy.
1833	Due to so many red-flags on his character, he isn’t expected to be drafted at all.
1834	"Due to system errors, taxpayers are not able to file returns and more so today, possibly due to heavy traffic, GST taxpayers are unable to log in for filing of return.
1835	Duguaran, 30, of 12 Summit Road, Holbrook, was arrested and charged with possession of a Class B substance.
1836	Duke Energy: Should You Buy The Dip?
1837	Dunham rebutted, thinking that she wasn’t on the air anymore when she very much was.
1838	Durban beaches are not affected but the city is monitoring all beaches and should it become necessary to close them, the public will be notified.
1839	During closing arguments Thursday, the prosecutor said Cadden repeatedly cut corners during the manufacturing process and didn’t take necessary steps to ensure the drugs were sterile.
1840	During his entire coaching career, Jordan amassed over 700 wins – 14 seasons of 20 wins or more, four seasons of 30 wins, and one 40 win season.
1841	During that decade the Liberals and their allies the Social Democrats often broke spending rules.
1842	During that period, Miami dominated and even defined college sports, infusing them with the brashness that anticipated Michigan’s Fab Five and Johnny Football.
1843	During that time, Depp launched the blockbuster “Pirates of the Caribbean” franchise and other big-budget releases, including “Alice in Wonderland” and the 2005 film “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.”
1844	During the campaign, Moon took issue with the U.S. administration's approach to North Korea.
1845	During the December quarter, Apple ranked No. 10 in terms of phone sales, but it was the leader in the premium-phone space ($450 and up), responsible for 62 percent of sales in that market.
1846	During the fourth quarter of 2015, throughput at our Krotz Springs refinery was lower as a result of downtime necessary to complete the planned major turnaround.
1847	During the four-week trial, Vertetis testified she shot 51-year-old Patrick Gilhuley in her Mount Olive home in 2014 because she thought he was going to kill her.
1848	During the heated debate, Wahsh said: “Are you happy when you see a girl walking down the street with half of her behind showing?”
1849	During the incident, the school conducted a lock-in, police said, and delayed dismissal.
1850	During their communications, the defendant and the girl also exchanged graphic photos.
1851	During the night, Dispatch calls to all cruisers.
1852	“During the past few weeks, His Holiness has found that carrying out his activities has left him unusually tired,” it said.
1853	During the quarter we repurchased an additional $123 million worth of common shares pursuant to our 2016 Board-authorized share repurchase program.
1854	During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.37 EPS.
1855	During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.48) EPS.
1856	During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.06 EPS.
1857	During the the first and chaotic effort of House Republicans to gut Obamacare, the Trump White House considered compiling an enemies list of those GOPers who opposed the Trump-backed bill.
1858	During the transition, his supporters have seen no signs of progress on their agenda.
1859	During Wednesday’s historic SGR experience, the pupils will register in the train’s wireless network for leaners.
1860	Dutch: “I have heard they have reached out and possibly some talks will be held in the future.”
1861	Du Toit, Teresa van Breda's older brother, said when Henri returned from the Stellenbosch detective's office with Marli's then-boyfriend James Reade-Jahn, James' father Ron and Henri's friend, their reunion was emotional.
1862	D. who has dedicated 15 years to speech technology and neural network research.
1863	Dyck says his team was initially unsure if the fecal transplant was altering the gut microbiome in the mice or if it was producing a metabolite that was behind the effect.
1864	Each and every one of us has a responsibility to help put a stop to these crimes.
1865	Each count carries a possible penalty of five years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine.
1866	Each floor had its own thing.
1867	Each one of them had three to four children and a wife back in Uzbekistan so they send money back to support their families.
1868	Each partner in the study also gave blood samples, before and after the fight with their spouse.
1869	Each television report about hunger clearly shows wealth - the equipment and transportation of television groups and the satellites transmitting reports to the metropolises are much more expensive than the food necessary to feed the hungry.
1870	Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase an additional common share at a price of $1.25 until September 8, 2019.
1871	"Each was intentional and each has created a safety risk to our students.
1872	Each year, about a dozen citizens apply from all walks of life.
1873	Eagle and Teva won approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in December 2015 for the drug in treating chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and indolent B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).
1874	Eagles is incomplete yet because we don’t have a “GRADE A STRIKERS” in the current team.
1875	Ealey, 20, played in seven games for SU as a freshman in 2015.
1876	Earhardt attributes the rise of opinion in "mainstream media" in part to the popularity of reality TV.
1877	Earlier in US history, President Thomas Jefferson epitomized that drive.
1878	Earlier on Monday, the President and his wife Melania, daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner visited the Western Wall, a sacred site for Jewish people.
1879	Earlier on September 10, Commander Rawalpindi Corps Lieutenant General Nadeem Raza reiterated the troops’ resolve to respond aggressively and effectively to any Indian miscalculation or misadventure along the border.
1880	“Earlier such units were busted in Hyderabad, Bengaluru and border districts of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh,” the official said.
1881	Earlier Sunday Channel 2 news said that Mozes was the businessman reported to have conducted negotiations with Benjamin Netanyahu to receive benefits in exchange for helping the prime minister remain in power.
1882	Earlier, the DisruptJ20 coalition, named after the date of the inauguration, had promised that people participating in its actions in Washington would attempt to shut down the celebrations, risking arrest when necessary.
1883	Earlier this month, officials announced $34 million in new contracts for homeless service providers, and they’ll hold the providers to new performance bench marks.
1884	Earlier this month, Sony was suggested to announce two new Xperia smartphones at MWC 2017 in Barcelona next month.
1885	Earlier this week, I attended a similar talk on campus, but this one stood out among the masses.
1886	Earlier this year, Takeda (OTCPK:TKPYY) acquired Ariad Pharmaceuticals for $4.6 billion, paying a 75% premium.
1887	Earlier this year, the Center for Responsible Lending (CRL) released a series of research reports on for-profit colleges.
1888	Earlier, Warner achieved his highest ODI score in the best opening stand for Australia in ODI history, and the best by any team against Pakistan.
1889	Early pantoums were very short, but modern ones require no set number of stanzas.
1890	Early symptoms can be seen in the patient’s late 20s and 30s.
1891	Early weather forecasts for Saturday and Sunday in Spa are bleak, with thunderstorms and showers predicted.
1892	EastEnders night out for Jacqueline’s hen!
1893	“Easter is a time when many feel called to give, but we hope that those folks will come back and bring others to volunteer regularly in the dining room.”
1894	EastGroup Properties’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.7% compared to the same quarter last year.
1895	Easy to spot birds are curious kingfishers, peacocks and eagrets who often bask beside the sparkling pond.
1896	Eating fibrous vegetables and whole grains can help combat bloating by promoting regular bowel movements while providing you with plentiful nutrients.
1897	Eating in the a.m. of your new time zone will reset your hunger clock, which resets your sleep clock as well, the theory goes.
1898	EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 11.6%.
1899	Echonetdaily has as yet been unable to independently confirm Mr Tager’s claims.
1900	ECIII and Storm played up the crowd for a few moments.
1901	Economic development and sustainability do not have to be mutually exclusive, he said.
1902	Eddie Jones is using his inside knowledge of Japan to help England secure a training base.
1903	Eddie Neret had a full tank, but he was planning to stay.
1904	Editorial Disclosure: Canada Carbon and Nemaska Lithium are clients of the Investing News Network.
1905	Edmonton posted a 40-32 record over four seasons under Hervey, reaching the playoffs three times.
1906	Edmonton's fire investigation team is investigating a duplex fire that sent two men to hospital in critical condition.
1907	Edmonton won twice in the Honda Center to kick off the matchup.
1908	Ed’s been wearing Hoax clothing in all his recent promo appearances and in his most recent publicity photos.
1909	Effect of eucalyptus oil inhalation on pain and inflammatory responses after total knee replacement: A randomized clinical trial.
1910	Efforts will be made to strengthen the party's leadership at big state firms and to prevent the loss of state assets during restructuring, the cabinet said on Wednesday.
1911	Eide recognized the Moapa Valley Revitalization Committee as an invaluable partner in supporting and providing volunteers to the festival.
1912	Eighteen of those bridges are in the viaduct section of I-81 in downtown Syracuse.
1913	Eighteen people testified for the ACLU.
1914	Eight people were killed before the men were shot to death by the police.
1915	Eight years after losing their six-year-old to a Streptococcus A. infection that was misdiagnosed as a cold, a Montreal family is speaking out.
1916	Eilidh was only 12 when doctors at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow removed a growth from a saliva gland on her neck, below her left ear.
1917	Either that, or it must necessarily spin into the kind of three-state partition that Joe Biden once suggested, with the world on constant watch in the Sunni regions for the gestation of the next ISIS.
1918	Either way, being a part of the most famous family in the world could take a toll on anyone—we give him props for making an effort to change.
1919	Elaine, married herself, is a sexually driven, scotch drinking, tell-it-like-it-is woman who Barney is no match for.
1920	Electing Democratic governors is the best way to combat dysfunction in DC, strengthen the Democratic Party, and unrig the electoral map by stopping Republican gerrymandering in 2021.”
1921	Eley also has worked as Hampton's offensive coordinator and been an assistant in the Canadian Football League.
1922	Eli Lilly and presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $87.
1923	Elkin is a professor and executive director for the Center for the Advancement of Youth at University Medical.
1924	Elliot is in university in Saskatoon and Davey lives in Prince Albert.
1925	Elsa, eye-rolling and pragmatic (Watson is exceptionally good as the earthy, skeptical wife of a famous man), is more interested in getting him and herself out of the country.
1926	Elsewhere, the northern snow levels are slightly below normal, according the the NRCS report, and the levels are lower in the southern and eastern mountains in Montana.
1927	Elsewhere underground, the auditorium will be where Apple's CEO Tim Cook will present the company's keynotes ahead of product launches.
1928	Emails will start to be dispatched from next week onwards, which will see Virgin Media, Sky, TalkTalk and BT send warnings to customers which will give advice and tips on how to avoid downloading illegal content in future.
1929	EMD on October 14th, 2017 4:25 pm The story said the other guy had the swastika on his arm.
1930	Emerald Advisers Inc. PA now owns 4,850,651 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,589,000 after buying an additional 65,410 shares in the last quarter.
1931	Emilie loved visiting the craft store, and her family constantly found “beads, bits of paper, colored cotton balls – or anything else Emilie thought she could use to create art – all over the house.”
1932	Emily Haugh and Connor Russell, of Macedon; Eric Hedges, of Palmyra; and Patrick Barrow, Tristan Ierlan, Geraldine Milne and Michael Parsons, of Victor, were named to University at Albany’s fall 2016 dean’s list.
1933	Emin Agalarov, Donald Trump and Aras Agalarov attend the Miss Universe pageant on 9 November 2013 in Moscow, Russia.
1934	Emma-Jean and Jimmy are pictured after completing race number seven.
1935	Emma starred in the 2016 series of Love Island where she coupled up with tattooed hunk Terry.
1936	Emotionally moved and needing answers, she calmly and rationally tells Luke after returning home that she’s doing Wild.
1937	Emphasising the need for total transparency and efficiency in the operations of the FOREX market, the Bank warned it would neither tolerate unscrupulous actions nor hesitate to bring serious sanctions on offending individuals, banks and their staff.
1938	Emphasize that time is a human construct.
1939	EMSL Analytical, Inc. provides testing services to identify lead exposure risks from soil, water, dust, paint and other sources to help protect people from exposure hazards.
1940	EMS says no one was injured in the fire.
1941	Encrypt your drives.
1942	Endeavour Mining is linked to La Mancha and linked to Mr. Naguib Sawiris, an Egyptian telecoms billionaire.
1943	Ending contractual employment, Osmeña said, is not doable, particularly in manufacturing companies.
1944	Energy is contagious!
1945	England 1, Italy Women 0. Jodie Taylor (England) right footed shot from outside the box to the high centre of the goal.
1946	England went into the clash in confident spirits.
1947	Engraved on the front is a message that blamed the death of Julius and Randy Joseph (unrelated) on Prime Minister John Compton!
1948	Enjoy creative, social situations, the arts, musical performances, sports events and playful activities with children.
1949	Episodes without Alex and Danvers Sisters moments stink so I can’t wait for Monday to make up for my lack of interest in 2×18.
1950	Equifax established a to help people find out if their information was compromised and help protect that information.
1951	Erika Manning’s "Common Ground" is a 2016 oil on canvas.
1952	Erma,my sympathies on losing your sister.
1953	Ernie Johnson and Greg Gumbel are pros at handling the main desk in New York and hand off well to Clark Kellogg, Charles Barkley and Kenny Smith.
1954	Erstwhile President Pervez Musharraf had come out with a four-point agenda to solve the Kashmir issue once and for all sometime in 2006.
1955	“Especially considering the recent Boston arrest, and the fact that they were almost literally on school property.”
1956	Especially the fact that their Parliament has significant Arab representation.
1957	Essentially, Geraghty is after a type of “radical inclusivity” that she thinks could be part of the future of American politics.
1958	Essentially it’s a year around hunting spot in great country.
1959	Established in 1987, RedRover works to bring animals out of crisis and strengthen their bond with humans.
1960	Esteban Santiago, 26, was arraigned and formally entered a plea of not guilty to the charges.
1961	Ethan ‘h3h3Productions’ Klein, a YouTuber with over three million subscribers, made a video this weekend where he claimed that that the Wall Street Journal fabricated the images from the tweets.
1962	Ethiopian forces were first deployed in a UN-led, blue helmet operation from July 1960 to June 1964 as part of the UN Operation in the Congo (ONUC).
1963	EU ministers agree to tighten rules on 'posted workers'
1964	Evacuation: Residents were ordered to leave their homes on the Chalcots Estate in Camden.
1965	Evasions at various points are playing havoc with the organised sector bullion manufacturing, gold refineries and bonafide bullion dealers importing through banks and nominated agencies, Mr. Acharya said.
1966	“Even as a player, I always felt better.
1967	Even as the general was requesting the city to relight the streets, Guardsmen continued shooting out the lights, and there are reports of dozens of shots being fired to dispatch one light.
1968	Even at his herculean best, Peterson wasn’t exactly Charley Taylor out of the backfield, or Walter Payton blocking blitzers.
1969	Even for the world’s best golfers, there’s going to be nowhere to hide this weekend at the U.S. Open.
1970	Even if cloud software somehow becomes error-free, nature won’t — a Google data centre in Europe failed after lightning struck the local utility grid.
1971	Even if Gad felt like he was being musically pushed, he was happy to be able to return to the character.
1972	“Even if it’s a maybe a young person being able to walk up to a significant adult in their life and say, hey, I’m really struggling right now,” said Heather Dickenson, Teen Services Librarian at the Lewis and Clark Library.
1973	Even if we don’t use it as our primary form of content, it is still a powerful medium to support our message.
1974	“Even if you got this just a little bit, you wouldn’t be coming in here prioritising tax cuts.
1975	“Even in 2012 during the administration of former Governor, Rabi’u Kwankwaso, a task force was set up for it and was given all the necessary support to work.
1976	Even in the case of the academics, so far there is no indication of how many students will have the opportunity to use the deferment, “said David Petrosyan.
1977	Even Jordan Brand, releasing new editions of Michael Jordan’s signature line while also producing retros of other sneakers, manages to keep media and influencers engaged on all fronts.
1978	Even now, as attorneys face a flurry of new mandates Brown has signed, they’re bracing for a budget they say shortchanges children.
1979	Even one person close to O'Reilly, however, said he will probably not be back on "The O'Reilly Factor."
1980	Even on my home Wi-Fi, the device couldn’t consistently catch signal, which was a great hindrance.
1981	Even the Democrats running for governor were out-raising him by a ratio of more than eight-to-one.
1982	Even the most cynical of the PF Government have to accept, however grudgingly, that Sela tubombeko is not just clever campaign slogan.
1983	Even the most modest part of the plan, making the album, did not work out as Manson hoped, and so the murder spree was initiated to speed along the war.
1984	Even the score may not indicate that, I thought they really took it to us in the first half.
1985	Even though our lives are getting much easier than they ever have been in history, the quality of our social interactions have gone down as a result.
1986	Even though Ruby on Rails remains a great teaching tool, developers that move onto other languages will open up more career pathways.
1987	“Even though she’s a celebrity, she’s still a normal, nervous, human being like the rest of us, who has passions and desires and worries, and it’s nice to know that we can aspire to be like her one day.”
1988	“Even though Uber is not responsible for the attacks, they are wrong for not taking action, they are a big company.
1989	Eventually, a business gets so out of control that it fails.
1990	Even when I was writing a song in the studio and just demoing it, I was still performing, so it wasn’t a big change to become an artist.
1991	Even with 36 million Americans self-reporting as yogis, little of that trickles down to one-off studios, DIY owners, and teachers.
1992	Even without control of the city council, the mayor was able to bamboozle his way into implementing controversial decisions like reopening the Inayawan dump site and putting up a garbage transfer station at the South Road Properties.
1993	Even with the new law, he doesn’t think he’ll add Everclear to his shelf.
1994	Even your sentence prove your foolishness,jail them for what?
1995	Ever had to lock your cellphone in a Yondr pouch at a club or concert?
1996	Ever hear that sad story about a man who put his son on the title to his home, then found himself kicked to the curb a few years (or months) later?
1997	Ever Mainard has a bit about the futility of shaving her pubes in the bathtub after a breakup.
1998	Ever since our first event, which was held in the heart of Singapore, ONE Championship has been relentless in its pursuit to give fans adrenaline-pumping action from start to finish.
1999	Everton manager Ronald Koeman has confirmed that Swansea midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson has completed his medical and there were no problems.
2000	“Everybody puts an emphasis on age and experience, and normally, it does take time to get going but Jones, Bear and Mantha have hit the ground running.
2001	“Everybody’s really, really excited and energized,” Holmdel Schools Board of Education president Joseph Hammer said Wednesday morning.
2002	Every new appearance from one of the One Direction boys is a rarity to be treasured in these troubled times, and Louis Tomlinson just offered us the U.S. TV debut of his new song with Steve Aoki.
2003	Everyone is guaranteed to have a blast as the WOW invites you to bring your pumpkins and jack-o’-lanterns to the museum and watch them fly!
2004	"Everyone is talking around the (water) cooler saying, 'We have four more years of this!
2005	“Everyone should lock their doors.
2006	Every person who recorded a message got the shock of their life when she came from behind the curtain to show that they were talking to the First Lady herself and not just a picture.
2007	Everything is still a bit of a blur after that.
2008	“Everything looks pretty easy when you’re sitting in corporate headquarters.”
2009	Exactly how each department and agency handles this varies from shutdown to shutdown and administration to administration.
2010	Examining all the environmental issues and possible hazards can be overwhelming.
2011	Except for Transport Holdings, who were issued only part of the volumes to Botswana, reports indicate that no other Botswana companies were successful in this tender.
2012	Ex-Newcastle and Palace keeper coach Andy Woodman took charge of his first game at the Hawks helm but will have work to do, especially at the back, if his side are to avoid the drop.
2013	Expects him to be "a big part of our offense."
2014	Expect to hear jazz, reggae, folk and Middle-Eastern music sung in Hebrew, Arabic and English.
2015	Experimenting is key.
2016	Expressing sympathy with Iranian victims of ISIS should be no more difficult than expressing our sympathy with the group’s Iraqi, Syrian, and Western victims.
2017	Express your appreciation of a friend’s role in your life.
2018	Extra points for the absence of filler, points off for blandness that even the chipotle aioli remoulade can’t remedy.
2019	Extras had been conceded — India gifted 25 to Pakistan’s three — and the fielding lacked the passion that Sarfraz Ahmed’s men displayed.
2020	Fabian Moreau returns a pick against SC at the Rose Bowl.
2021	Facebook has since launched a new tool claiming to help users identify fake news stories, but fresh reports of false articles linked to Lord Sugar and Professor Stephen Hawking appearing on the site emerged over the weekend.
2022	Facebook on Wednesday announced three changes to the trending section.
2023	Facebook said it restored the post and apologized.
2024	Facebook's roll-out of live broadcast capacity to its app, beginning in December 2015, brought another 1.5 billion people on stream.
2025	Facing the unimaginable, the Rondos family hopes Denada will be allowed to stay while her case is reviewed.
2026	Failing is perfectly fine, as long as you learn to dissect your failure and learn from it.
2027	Failure to close above the support zone could pave way for EURUSD to post declines to the next lower support seen at 1.1710 – 1.1688.
2028	Fairchild Tropical Botanic Garden’s Million Orchid Project, which aims to repopulate Miami with exotic plants that have disappeared over the years, hit a minor road bump in September after many trees were damaged due to hurricane Irma.
2029	FAIRFIELD — City Council members meeting Tuesday approved, without comment, a contract with the Fairfield Police Officers Association that runs through June 2021 and is projected to increase personnel costs by $2.6 million.
2030	Faktisk is unusual in its own way.
2031	Falcón claims that escalating housing costs — spurred by gentrification — have driven lower-income Hispanics out of once the predominately Latino neighborhoods of Bushwick, Williamsburg and Sunset Park.
2032	Fall break is the first long break of the semester, so I always feel like I look forward to this break more than many of the others.
2033	Fallin announced Wednesday (9/6) she intends to call for a special session on September 25 to make adjustments to the current fiscal year’s budget.
2034	Familiar buildings such as the grain elevator, the water tower, the old Arden Hotel and a local church are highlighted in the mural, along with a farmhouse, farm buildings, livestock and old tractors.
2035	Family and friends are asked to meet at the funeral home at 10:00 AM Friday to go to the cemetery.
2036	Family Fun Day is an event that has been held in Hays for the past five years.
2037	“Family values” needed defending against same-sex marriage, sex before marriage, divorce, abortion – the usual suspects.
2038	Fan Milk emerges as the most traded equity in value terms.
2039	Fans might recall that Jenelle, Briana, Leah and Kail were all together at this year’s MTV Video Music Awards, and both Jenelle and Briana say that they were getting along well with Leah at the time (see photo below).
2040	FANS OF SATURDAY Night Live have probably been wondering how the show would introduce new White House press secretary Sean Spicer into the mix.
2041	Fans told the 'filthy rich' chart topper, worth around £30million, to donate himself after he tweeted a link to a GoFundMe site raising £120,000 for his mother's best friend Ayesha Butt.
2042	Faqirzada’s three children have enrolled in school, a Belgrade primary that opened its doors to 25 refugee children this spring as part of a pilot scheme.
2043	Farkhole: Why is anyone flying United still?
2044	Farmers can learn more about Bee Better at www.beebettercertified.org. Those interested in NRCS conservation practices should contact their local USDA service center.
2045	Farmers could allow SmartFirmer to simply control seeding based on the real-time organic matter measurement and the corresponding population or hybrid selected by the farmer or their trusted advisor.
2046	Farm ponds are considered to be the most important component for conservation of rain water, providing irrigation water to the nearby farms and raising water table in the area.
2047	FARSAD: They're also, like, the wrinkliest part of your body, you know?
2048	Fascino scooters have been their most successful product with 3.7 lakh units produced.
2049	Fascist Marine Le Pen and banker Emmanuel Macron go through to the second round of the French Presidential election.
2050	“Fash Bash gives residents and Detroit visitors alike the opportunity to celebrate the arts and fashion in our city through such a sophisticated event featuring one of the most well-known designers in our city.”
2051	Fast food, wrapped in paper, fetched by the customer at the window.
2052	Fast forward to Sunday at 4 a.m. Pittsburgh police were called to Thompkins’ home on Finley Street for a report of a home invasion.
2053	Fast-moving storms raced through Lamar Monday, knocking down trees and powerlines and blocking roadways - primarily in Redbone.
2054	FBR & Co upped their price target on Freeport-McMoRan from $12.00 to $13.00 and gave the stock a “mkt perform” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd.
2055	FDI and private placement of debt has gained momentum and should boost financing of capex in the year.
2056	Featured in this exhibit is the Battle of Belvedere where the 100th IFB upset an SS unit, resulting in their being awarded a Presidential Unit Citation.
2057	Federal funding is dwindling.
2058	Federman tells the remarkable – and until now, untold – life story of this fascinating and spirited woman, who was very much a part of her times but very clearly ahead of them.
2059	Feedback on “'Any government worth its salt has done this' - senior figures exult in Leo's new 'strategic communications unit' ”.
2060	Feedback on “Five dead after small plane crashes into Portuguese supermarket ”.
2061	Feedback on “Plenty of big guns involved as Mayo football quarter-final draw is made”.
2062	Feedback on “'Totally unacceptable': Two people spend night on chairs in mental health unit”.
2063	Fee told us about her casting.
2064	Féilim Mac An Iomaire, a spokesperson for Paddy Power, said: “I’m just glad he was sitting down as It’s not every day that you get to play Santa Claus and surprise the life out of someone.
2065	Felger lives in the portion of Minerva that extends into Carroll County.
2066	Ferreira doesn’t know her college plans just yet.
2067	Ferris pre-nursing freshman Rachel Schneider enjoyed the adult humor in the show.
2068	Few would even wonder about the condition of art and culture in a country gripped with war and terrorism since 2014.
2069	FHSU scored the first eight points of the second half, with five of those points from JaQuan Smith.
2070	FIFA, soccer's governing body, will choose a host for the 2026 tournament in May 2020.
2071	Fifty-nine collegiate cross county teams from three different conferences gathered at the Kearney Country Club Saturday morning for a chance to qualify for nationals in Evansville, Indiana.
2072	Figure out how the process works, but he’s a bright guy and he’s super successful and a hard worker.
2073	Figures compiled by comparethemarket.com show that on average, a 17-24-year-old driver now pays £2,379 to run a car in the first year of driving, up 3.4% year on year.
2074	Filmy Friday 15 hours ago - EntertainmentAlso reported by •New Zealand Herald •Denver Post •USATODAY.com •CBS News •Newsday •Reuters •Brisbane Times •BBC News •L.
2075	Finally, APG Asset Management N.V. raised its stake in shares of W.W. Grainger by 655.0% during the second quarter.
2076	Finally, a team says we wanna show behind the scenes footage.
2077	Finally, BidaskClub lowered Kadant from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, July 24th.
2078	Finally, Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $170.00 price objective on shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation in a research report on Monday, September 26th.
2079	Finally, from Trump to O’Leary, it seems reality TV businessmen are dominating leadership talk in North America.
2080	Finally, he continued, when the Israel Police’s cybercrime unit turns to Facebook with urgent requests to remove posts, officers are forced to contact the company’s office in Ireland, even though it has a large corporate presence in Israel.
2081	Finally, National Bank Financial increased their price objective on Freehold Royalties from C$17.00 to C$17.50 in a report on Friday, March 3rd.
2082	Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of General Electric in a research report on Thursday, October 6th.
2083	Finally, State Street Corp raised its holdings in OSI Systems by 4.7% in the first quarter.
2084	“Finally, the Electoral Commission is an independent governance institution, non- partisan and with full protections for its officials under the 1992 constitution of Ghana.
2085	Finally, we spoke to Joe about My Days of Mercy, a rather different film, also playing in Toronto this year.
2086	Findlay at Michigan State Open, 9 a.m.
2087	Finley Smith took first place in the girls’ 10 and under 100-meter breaststroke in 1 minute, 40.39 seconds.
2088	Fire District 1 candidate Michael Ellis reports raising $525 and spending $130 to no reported fundraising or spending for incumbent David Chan.
2089	First author Katherine C. Palozola, a doctoral candidate in the Zaret lab, is the first to find a way to look at gene activity in a living cell during division.
2090	First Germiston Scout Group hosts Cubs.
2091	Firstly it’s where I belong – I’m a cultural Christian.
2092	First major occurrence was changing incorporation to Bermuda, followed by again changing to Ireland.
2093	First responders from Swansboro, Hubert, Bear Creek, Western Carteret and Onslow EMS all responded to the scene.
2094	First run in 1977, the Litchfield Hills Road Race was modeled after the Falmouth, Mass., road race.
2095	First, the mania to curb destructive competition through consolidation, both in corporate America through trusts and monopolies and in government.
2096	First, they will be astonished, literally covering their mouths at what they see, because they never believed that they would witness the glorious redemption of a persecuted, rejected and despised Israel.
2097	First, Trump belittled Pence for trying to get Roe vs Wade, a landmark Supreme Court decision in the US that allows for the right to an abortion, saying "You see?”
2098	First up, a little background on the extensive history of development on in the short three years it’s been in the works.
2099	First Vice-President Eshaq Jahangiri has suggested that government opponents within Iran were behind the initial protests, state broadcaster IRIB reports.
2100	Fisher, who hasn’t been legally able to drive since 2003, was driving a car she borrowed from her daughter.
2101	Fishing gears will set an individual angler another B$3,000-4,000.
2102	Fishing last week and fishing in the upcoming week or two are pretty much carbon copies one of the other.
2103	Fitzgerald said there were debates and arguments on how to tackle certain aspects of the case, but problems were always resolved by the time everyone walked out the door.
2104	Five days after the tornado shifted their home off of its base, a wrecking crew removed it completely from the foundation in order to save the basement walls.
2105	Five firearms were looted by the attackers and the bodies of 15 suspected militants were found, it said, adding that fighting was ongoing.
2106	Five men have been arrested.
2107	Five South African men charged over suspected cannibalism appeared briefly in court on Monday as scores of angry protesters gathered outside, police said.
2108	Five will be saved in place and 36 will be temporarily relocated and moved back to the project.
2109	Five winning season, two Super Bowl appearances, and one Super Bowl victory; it’s safe to say John Elway gets it.
2110	Five years ago, it joined with chip manufacturer Qualcomm to establish a $10 million prize to do just that.
2111	Five years ago, R-Fats spent $170,000 tax payer dollars to start the study… never finished it… and had budgeted to spend another $80,000 on the study.
2112	Flacco took a few hard hits Sunday, was sacked once and harassed often,.
2113	Flags from countries around the world waved above the crowds while people packed into the park.
2114	Flames moved through the hills above the Silverado Trail as a fast moving wind-whipped-wild fire raged though the Napa/Sonoma wine region in Napa on Oct. 9, 2017.
2115	Flame the garnish over the drink if you’d like, and enjoy!
2116	Flash threw Vader into the steps, and Vader threw his forearms into the stairs to shove them out of his path.
2117	Flies have two wings, while wasps and bees have four.
2118	Flores still works full-time in maintenance for a big apartment-management company, while Fernandez has turned his attention from his business making gorgeous cakes to this new labor of love.
2119	Fluoroquinolones, macrolides, aminoglycosides, and phenicols are among the different classes of antibiotics that are commonly prescribed to treat the condition.
2120	Fly on any airline and forfeit your right to be treated as a human being.
2121	Flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson chides former women’s bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey for the handling of her most recent losses.
2122	Folks, we have a window for a Super Bowl run.
2123	Following additional discussion the Council was of the consensus to develop interview questions at a later date.
2124	Following a "long and complex" investigation, Hyland-Ward, from Saltdean in East Sussex, was sentenced to 21 months in a young offenders' institution, Sussex Police said.
2125	Following a protest yesterday, the Ministry of Public Health says it will be working to improve the environment and security of staffers at the Diamond Diagnostic Centre.
2126	Following a request from both the government and the defense, the court postponed the trial until July 19th.
2127	Following a successful Kickstarter, the book is now available.
2128	Following Chopra in top five are Nia Sharma (2), Deepika Padukone (3), (5).
2129	Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,888 shares in the company, valued at $353,280.
2130	Following the financial crisis the average age of vehicles on the road had gotten fairly extended so a replacement cycle became more likely.
2131	Following their accusations, the Russian government banned Koskey from entering the country.
2132	Following their registration, taxpayers will have to use the GST common portal to fulfil compliance requirements such as filing returns and making tax payments.
2133	Following the loss, the Trojans will now stay at the Galen Center to take on conference opponent Arizona State on Sunday.
2134	Following the release of "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" teaser, speculations that Mark Hamill's Luke Skywalker will possibly turn to the dark side have begun to emerge.
2135	Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 67,413 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,913,059.44.
2136	Following the sale, the insider now owns 45,717 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,022,977.25.
2137	Following the stabbing, the husband was found with blood on him.
2138	Following the surge in the value of bitcoin – which currently stands at around $16,500 – a philanthropist known only as Pine has used their newfound wealth to support a range of charities, giving away $7,550,00 of the cryptocurrency so far this month ().
2139	Following the team’s victory on penalty kicks in the 1999 World Cup final against China, the players boycotted a tournament in Australia.
2140	Following the Texas A&M game, the Wildcats faced Georgia (for the third time this season) in their first game of the SEC Tournament and it’s likely a performance Monk would like to forget.
2141	Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 22,883 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $837,746.63.
2142	Following this anomaly, Moroder transformed into the mensch-maschine genius for which most of the world loves him.
2143	Following those, always-on assisted service (8 percent), brand-developed social communities to connect consumers with other fans (9 percent) and having access to multiple touch points as part of the customer journey.
2144	FOLLOWUP: Moving night 3 weeks away for 5458 California SW 'log house'
2145	Food is so wrapped up in memories of childhood and of family.
2146	Footage from the scene shows people hitting the ground near the front of the stage, either wounded or in an attempt to hide, as gunfire is heard in the background.
2147	Football is a physical game but you don’t want lads picking up daft yellow cards for kicking the ball away, like we’ve received in the campaign.
2148	Football is more than just turning up to hope to see your team win, it is about entertainment.
2149	Footprints mark the mud of the bed of Crystal Lake.
2150	For 2017, “there is a such a huge spotlight on environmental and social issues,” in the U.S. because of the interest in those matters by institutional investors, Ahmadi said.
2151	For 30-plus years, she’s cheered on her beyond-imagination-successful son from the sidelines.
2152	For a conditional use to be approved, the applicant would have to go before the city’s planning board and zoning board of appeals.
2153	For additional information, contact Scott Shields, Kansas Byways Coordinator, at 785-296-0853, or Sue Stringer, Kansas Byways Manager, at 800-684-6966.
2154	For a gay man in Nigeria, that means getting married to a woman, even if it means living a lie.
2155	For Albert Shingiro, the recommendations of the report by the National Commission for the Inter-Burundian Dialogue -CNDI will be combined with the findings of the external dialogue process.
2156	For a man whose supporters justify virtually any of the terrible shit they say by claiming it’s “satire” he really doesn’t understand what that word actually means.
2157	For American citizens.
2158	For an artist of Banks’ stature, it was surprising that she played only an hourlong set with a one-song encore.
2159	For an event that has only just surpassed its second year, BroadwayCon has proved to be incredibly successful.
2160	For a policymaker, that’s $3 trillion in wiggle room to promise a big tax cut while still reducing borrowing.
2161	For a President to be doing this – pouring gasoline on the embers of racial resentment – is really unspeakable.
2162	For a time, he stood alone in Unity Square, which is a short walk from Mugabe’s office and the Zimbabwean Constitutional Court, calling for the president’s removal.
2163	For better or for worse, barns that “look like crap” are kind of a fixture of the Vermont landscape.
2164	For complete information about the Hall of Fame, visit http://business.
2165	For composing a great article, you should possess decent writing abilities.
2166	For Crossley, flowers, music, close friends and family are the key ingredients of a good garden party – these will be her priorities when preparing for her husband Charlie’s 40th birthday celebrations later this summer.
2167	Ford Motor Company knows the off-road business, and that’s evident by the many facets included in the 2018 Raptor.
2168	Ford reiterated earnings will drop this year as it begins to invest about $4.5 billion toward electrification and spends on self-driving vehicles.
2169	Forecasters say the poorly organized storm is expected to track well away from the Eastern seaboard in coming days.
2170	For eight months, Ruiz and Massey remained in police custody before the charges were dropped.
2171	Forensic officers seen at Harlesden Road, in Willesden, north west London following an anti-terror raid.
2172	For entrées, the farro risotto ($13) is made with a roasted wild mushroom ragout, charred fennel, and white wine.
2173	For example, all the feelings I would use “Fuck” to express in English, I simply couldn’t feel with its Japanese counterpart.
2174	For example, how do company executives challenged by negative economic factors handle employees in the name of shareholder value?
2175	For example, I can’t imagine a scenario that would eliminate the 100 percent tax exemption for Social Security payments.
2176	For example, if your group is focusing on a new initiative such as the development of a new brand, try to get involved in that project because it will likely be under the microscope of management.
2177	For example, Simonson said the Charleston metro area lost construction-related jobs at a faster rate during the past year than all but one of 358 metro areas.
2178	For example, the league sends volunteers to help facilitate the St. Catharines community center bingo once a month.
2179	For example, the National Consumer Law Center (NCLC), which opposes prepay service, provides several recommendations to states in regards to prepay plan requirements and protections if states decide to move forward with prepay rates.
2180	For example, we all remember that the Seattle Sea Hawks lost to the New England Patriots because the called the most stupid play in the history of football!
2181	For example, when you’re photographing a face, you can turn on a Portrait mode, which simulates the blurry-background effect you usually see only in pro photos.
2182	For grieving family and friends all that currently matters is honoring and remembering a man they say was a true friend to all.
2183	For growing numbers of interested parties opposed to the project there is good news, albeit perhaps temporary relief.
2184	For his meritorious service to the nation, he received the State's highest awards, Order of the Volta (Civil Division) and the Order of the Star of Ghana.
2185	For information about physical and psychological resources, along with ongoing updates regarding University status, please visit news.
2186	For instance, Gibe I, with an installed capacity of 184 MW, was finalized in 2004; Gibe II with proven capacity of 420 MW was inaugurated in 2010 and lately Gibe III with 1870 MW.
2187	For instance, she can’t renew her driver’s license or go to the doctor.
2188	For instance, the development of free markets—ever larger, in more cities and with a wider assortment of goods—testifies to the communist regime’s partial embrace of market principles.
2189	For it is often in spite of so many things, but still because of a fierce determination and dedication to go on regardless, do it and get it done.
2190	For many African economists, the CFA is an instrument of "monetary repression."
2191	“For many decades, we’ve enriched foreign industry at the expense of American industry; subsidized the armies of other countries, while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military.”
2192	For many in our community the library is the only source of reference to information.
2193	For many in the pro-Israel community, the declaration is akin to a Magna Carta for the Zionist movement: an affirmation – from the very authority that would oversee the territory – that Zionism was indeed a worthy enterprise.
2194	For many years now, the same familiar forces of overaccumulation and rivalry among the powers in the midst a universal economic slowdown have reasserted themselves.
2195	For marks between 34 to 59 per cent 2 points were given, for scoring between 60 to 79 per cent 3 points were given while for scoring 80 to 100 per cent, four points were awarded.
2196	Formed in 1970, the band's career was revived by the re-edition of its mouthwatering, hip-shaking "Pirates Choice," and they got back together in 2001.
2197	"For me it's one of the most sweetest, heartwarming, incredible love songs/reality that I've ever heard.
2198	Former MP and Congress national secretary Meenakshi Natarajan on Monday visited the village and met Oad’s family.
2199	"Former State of Tennessee employees on the JLL team now earn approximately 38 percent more," Hall said.
2200	Former taoisigh… where are they now?
2201	“For me to become an Australian citizen is a big thing – it will bring me and my family a lot closer together,” Ms Bonne said.
2202	For Michel, whose first public words after the morning rush hour bombings were "what we had feared, has come to pass", the response of Belgian society to the shock of a first major attack since World War Two showed it could resist divisions.
2203	For middle and high school, the ministry aims to develop students’ linguistic competences throughout the six-year period.
2204	For Mobile Devices, Tablets or Desktops.
2205	For months and months, the prospect of undefeated PPV king meeting two-weight seemed little more than a pipe dream.
2206	For more information about Grandparents Raising Grandchildren, contact Senior Services of Will County at (815) 723-9713 or visit: willcountyseniors.
2207	For more information, call Milo Burcham at 907-429-GOAT.
2208	For more information on how businesses can reserve booths, visit www.eventbrite.com and search for Spook-A-Palooza.
2209	For more information or reservations contact Judy Olson at 672-3336.
2210	For more information, see the Penalty Relief Due to First Time Penalty Abatement page on IRS.
2211	For more information, visit www.adascisguamcontest.weebly.com or call 735-2918.
2212	For nearly half a century, the has been accepted by many as the best explanation for how the universe began.
2213	For now, BTIG is recommending that investors stay on the sidelines.
2214	For now, it seems the review company is unlikely to change its stance, though it remains to be seen how – or if – Surface sales are impacted by the change in ratings.
2215	For now, though, their focus will solely be on trying to beat the Warriors once more.
2216	For once, let's think about all the aspects of ourselves that don't need a single solitary change and "resolve" to keep those going strong.
2217	For one, America’s “city of compassion” is home to a growing diversity of religious communities, celebrated every year with the internationally recognized, week-long Festival of Faiths.
2218	For one thing, shortening a major championship to 54 holes doesn't exactly scream major championship.
2219	For others, it takes a couple of years.
2220	For our students, it’s great exposure.
2221	For over a decade the group has held a reenactment of the ritual slaughter of the Passover offering, a sheep or goat sacrifice, outside the Old City.
2222	For Pakistan, he always played as a wicketkeeper and batsman.
2223	For personal assistance, customers are encouraged to contact the Enemalta Customer Care team on 8007 2224 or customercare.
2224	For private equity (PE) and venture capital (VC) funds, India was the last large market, which had the potential to see unicorns emerging within a short period of time.
2225	For R59.95 South Africans can now purchase an HIV testing kit from a local pharmacy and screen themselves for infection in the privacy of their homes – effectively by-passing the health system altogether.
2226	For reasons as yet unknown, Wallace arranged a meeting on an isolated back road with a man named Allan Curtis Jones, who worked on that farm.
2227	For Russia, Beijing’s primacy in the region would be just as unacceptable as Washington’s.
2228	For someone making $500,000, that would save them $30,000.
2229	"For some people, it's getting the whole family together and they do a blitz of chores, so on the weekend, they don't have to worry about it."
2230	For some people, the second trimester of pregnancy often brings with it some relief from nausea.
2231	For some unknown reasons, the former Gambian Ambassador to the United States, was replaced by Baboucarr Blaise Jagne, the former Gambian Ambassador to the United Nations.
2232	For starters, the World Series spike is partially due to the fact that the Houston Astros are very good at hitting home runs.
2233	For that one, I think I had a good answer.
2234	For the actual article, I would sign him but to an incentive laden contract.
2235	For the Falcons, junior Jordan Burge led the way with 27 points, while Tyler Powell added 18 before fouling out.
2236	"For the First Time in Forever," Kristen Bell & Idina Menzel -- "Frozen"
2237	“For the first time we are operating a results-based model that will offer real incentives to integrate the graduates of these training programs in hi-tech companies,” Aharon said.
2238	“For the foreseeable future, there’s a strong role for high-level human direction,” Wagstaff said.
2239	For the full year, the expected savings are approximately ₹20 crore from the integration,” said Madhavan Menon, CMD, Thomas Cook, during the Q4 earnings call.
2240	For them, anything goes.
2241	“For the past year-and-a half I have been thinking of nothing but this eclipse, every day, every night.
2242	For the Sheriff’s Department, it is one of the best community policing activities and puts a human touch on the job of our police, while often sharing with us a smile or a real laugh.
2243	"For the time being just making sure you control it."
2244	For the young girl who died, can you tell us the reason she either did not receive anti-venom, or was it too late (what is the timeline of safety), did she have a reaction to anti-venom, or?
2245	For this reason, it is seen in tennis players, swimmers, and musicians.
2246	"For those organizations who have not yet applied the security update, we suggest you immediately deploy Microsoft Security Bulletin MS17-010."
2247	For those unfamiliar with the case, a former engineer that was part of Google’s self-driving car team left and created a company called Otto that created self-driving trucks, which was subsequently acquired by Uber.
2248	For those unfortunate families who lost out from Concentrix's game of Russian roulette, several months often went by in which they were without money to feed their children, before their claims were reinstated.
2249	For those who were uninsured, hospitalization expenses were catastrophic for 85 percent of heart attack patients, 75 percent of stroke patients and 80 percent of CABG patients.
2250	For those who would like assistance in applying, or want to know more about resources available, contact your local victim advocate at https://victims.
2251	Fortinet, Inc. has a 1-year low of $23.16 and a 1-year high of $37.
2252	Fortunately, Mr. Malone said, Ms. Carlozzi is not giving up her monitoring job — just her crossing guard position, a job that is technically with Sag Harbor Village.
2253	Fortunately, the uninjured calf was released just minutes after the Sharks Board arrived at the scene.
2254	For up-to-date information on the parade, visit www.woodlandchamber.org or call the Woodland Chamber of Commerce at 530-662-7327.
2255	For weather on the go, you can download our 41 First Alert Storm Team App!
2256	For years, the agency has been investigating reports of infants having seizures, losing consciousness, and, in some cases, dying after using such products.
2257	Foster feels she has come full circle.
2258	Founder Chris Riccobono tells his story behind the inspiration of the UNTUCKit brand.
2259	Four decades in the National Hockey League have taught Maple Leafs general manager Lou Lamoriello that the summer prior to expansion can be the most problematic for a GM.
2260	Four generations earlier, Arzola’s great grandfather worked in the 1880s by soldering metal items in the streets of San Miguel and neighboring Dolores Hidalgo, along with making items such as toys from sheet tin.
2261	Four of the five injured people have now left hospital.
2262	Four persons, including three children, drowned in Ramaiah lake at Virupakshipura, Channapatna taluk, Ramanagaram district, on Saturday.
2263	Four Points combines timeless style and comfort and an authentic sense of the local as well as genuine, always-approachable service, all around the world.
2264	Fourteen families from Monterey Elementary and Centennial Elementary were all chosen by the schools to receive specially-made Thanksgiving baskets.
2265	Fourth quarter 2016 drilling expenditures of $195 million funded the drilling of 22 (18.9 net) wells.
2266	Fourth Watch Facebook page has been established at “CDOP Young Adult Ministry Fourth Watch” to spread the word and for people to indicate interest in attending the events, but reservations are not required.
2267	Four years later in 2000, they have a home and Captain Atom has problems that require him to see his old professor friend.
2268	Four years old,” Adair recalled.
2269	Fox News did not take her departure personally.
2270	France is at the top of the charts at nearly two children per woman (1.96), followed by Ireland (1.92), Sweden (1.85), the United Kingdom (1.80) and Denmark (1.71).
2271	Frances D’Emilio in Rome contributed to this story.
2272	Franson has one goal and six assists in 19 games.
2273	Frates’ mother Nancy shared a post on Sunday to the Team FrateTrain Facebook page asking that supporters keep Frates in their prayers while he battles “this ALS like a superhero.”
2274	Frederick, who changed his name to Keymuel Alexander, was transported to the Victoria Hospital.
2275	Fred Hotchkiss received a grant to print flyers about National Fossil Day for every child in the Martha’s Vineyard school system, in order to generate interest in the sciences.
2276	Free legal aid was granted after the district court was provided with a statement of his means.
2277	Free radicals are unstable molecules with unpaired electrons that can potentially damage genetic material and other cellular components.
2278	Freeze drying of foods is done by a process called lyophilization.
2279	Freezing benefits, all of them, has contributed to a 60 per cent rise in those seeking housing from councils.
2280	French President Emmanuel Macron announced on Tuesday an immediate ban on all new oil and gas exploration leases that will eventually morph into a total ban on drilling by 2040.
2281	French utility Suez said on Wednesday (Mar 8) it had teamed up with a Canadian investment fund to buy General Electric unit GE Water, building an "unparalleled" new business at a time of worsening global water scarcity.
2282	Freshman attacker Jessica Del Rossi netted two goals, while freshman midfielder Keriann McTavish, sophomore midfielder Clare Murphy, and freshman midfielder Nicole Morris all scored one goal apiece.
2283	Freshmen Joanna Chou and Jaskeerat Mann have raised more than $1,500 to support clean water projects in Africa – the result of a joke started on the roof of Mitchell Hall.
2284	Freshmen Kevin Hogan and Trevor Santos are also first basemen by trade.
2285	Fresh reports have revealed a certain $20million which Jay Z suggests he gave to Kanye West as gift on his 4:44 'Kill Jay Z' Kanye diss was actually an advance payment for his "Life Of Pablo" album costs.
2286	Fresno television station KSEE reported that Evans was airlifted to a hospital in Modesto and was expected to survive.
2287	Friday, 14th April, India.
2288	Friday, March 31, 2017 at 6:30 a.m.
2289	Friday, November 3, 2017, 3:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. November Book Club selection: “Spartan Gold” by Clive Cussler.
2290	Friday, Prism is cordially inviting students to attend a dance to celebrate pride with them.
2291	From 2 to 4 p.m., the entertainment portion began, kicking off with Eric Johnson, the music director singing the Black National Anthem.
2292	From 6:30 to 8 p.m. Oct. 26, Texas de Brazil restaurant at 174 Union Street, will host a chocolate-tasting fundraiser benefiting the American Red Cross.
2293	From a club’s perspective, the options may currently seem bleak, but these new positions may be able to help each club’s goal of enhancing student life.
2294	From a common sense perspective, this is not the best of conditions a country ought to find itself in, especially when confronted with a grave situation.
2295	From a distant seat, orchestral balances were awry too; may have fared better.
2296	From Akron to Youngstown and Canton to Cleveland, as in cities and towns across the country, workers who once walked out of factories at the end of each shift now stream out of hospitals.
2297	From a practical standpoint, the steps you’ll follow depend on which provider you choose.
2298	From April to the first of the year, Wood has benefited from the expertise of Lee Vogt, who stepped up to serve as administrator/clerk part time after Kelly resigned.
2299	From eliminating unnecessary paperwork to implementing protocol that supports eco-friendly practices at its branches, a bank should be cognizant of its carbon footprint.
2300	From festivals to summer shows Charlotte Harding rounds up the key trends.
2301	'From information we have received we know that the brand was JP Windsor Blue.
2302	From left: Patty Storie, Lynn Gratrix and Lorain Phillips, all nieces of murdered Saskatoon nurse Alexandra Wiwcharuk, have worked with police to solve Wiwcharuk's unsolved murder, which happened 55 years ago.
2303	From poutine to maple syrup, Bieber vs Celine Dion karaoke battles to a special concert by Canadian punk rock band PUP, there will be something for everyone.
2304	From tax reform to national security challenges to economic uncertainties, Trump’s campaign promises have run into trouble with his own party — even his own Cabinet members — before he even takes the oath of office.
2305	From the 1997 yearbook caption: "When things got out of hand Mr. Cross always found a way to control things"
2306	From the creators of The Walking Dead and The X-Files.
2307	From the early 2000’s to around 2014, the “Africa is rising” narrative had gained widespread acclaim both in the West and within the continent.
2308	From the first serve Thursday, Golden Sierra appeared the better team.
2309	From there the dayglo orange track plummetted to the floor below at a steep but manageable angle.
2310	From the scans, researchers were able to correctly predict 80 percent of those infants who would later meet criteria for autism at 2 years of age.
2311	From the subject of the previous post.
2312	From the video of Bill Burr’s stand-up comedy, you will notice that during his illustrious career Billy Twinkletoes has always pushed the boundaries and delved into topics that will make people cringe.
2313	From type A personalities to baboons with large circle of friends, the individual works within its personality to manage stress.
2314	“From what I’ve heard people are saying, we’ve stepped it up this year,” Arthur said.
2315	From yesterday he has not rested people wanting to get pictures with him, you come back home he’s an enemy of the state,” Zambia coach Wedson Nyirenda said.
2316	FRONTENAC, Kan. (AP) — Court records say a former southeast Kansas city administrator spent taxpayer money on GPS tracking devices and monitoring services that he used to track his former mistress.
2317	Frontman Matt Healy shared an Instagram post of a playlist with the title and captioned it, “the need to start editing.”
2318	FTB Advisors Inc. raised its position in Halliburton Company by 31.5% in the third quarter.
2319	Fuckers are inevitably wobbling around and just generally have no idea how to ride the thing they’re on.
2320	Fueled by the vinyl revival, the complexities of licensing deals and some buzz stirred up by the 2010 deaths of Chilton and founding member Andy Hummel, record store shelves are now groaning under the weight of fresh editions of this 45-year-old music.
2321	Fukrey Returns is co-produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani under the banner of Excel Entertainment and will be directed by Mrighdeep Singh Lamba, the film is set to release on 8th December 2017.
2322	• Funeral services for Pfc. Larry Lee Barker, 20, of Independence, were held at the Carson Chapel in Independence, with burial in Mount Washington Cemetery.
2323	Funeral Services will be held Monday October 30, 2017 at 11:00 A.M. at the West Union Bible Baptist Church under the direction of the Thompson-Meeker Funeral Home with Tim Carter officiating.
2324	Funeral services will follow at 8:00 pm with Rev. Doug Gibson officiating.
2325	Fun fact: They used Kickstarter to fund the digitization of archival elements.
2326	Furgie, the training staff and doctors for taking care of me.
2327	Further claims relate to money laundering.
2328	Further investigation into the case is ongoing,” he told Bernama here today.
2329	Furthermore, he is set to join in Netflix's thriller movie "".
2330	Furthermore it’s the first time Labour have lost the seat since the Copeland constituency was formed in 1983 – and a seat which Labour’s Reed won by a majority of 2,564 just in the 2015 general election.
2331	Furthermore, one out of every four new apartments built in the District since 2000 has been located in the Green Line Corridor.
2332	Furthermore, the government encourages investors with the provision of land for free, importing of duty free construction materials among others, so there is quite a wide range of investment in the sector in addition to the above.
2333	Furthermore, the women were already becoming dissatisfied with the white authoritarians as a result of increased school fees, forced labour, and corruption by local officers.
2334	Further, the investments in technological enhancements such as better in-flight entertainment systems and glass cockpits supplement the regions dominant position.”
2335	Fury of seaside town's residents as Sammy the seal is hit.
2336	F&V Capital Management LLC’s holdings in ConAgra Foods were worth $4,690,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
2337	Gabbay told Peretz that “I see you as a central partner in our mission, replacing the Netanyahu government.”
2338	Gabriel Anthony Roybal, 32, was booked into jail on recommended charges of driving while under the influence, driving under suspension, eluding, property damage, felony theft and interference.
2339	Gaël Clichy is set to follow Pablo Zabaleta out of the Manchester City exit door for over-30s full-backs.
2340	Gail and her husband, John, are happy their son has been able to return to the court to finish his college basketball career on his terms.
2341	GALESBURG — The remaining six co-defendants in the Dakota Tinkham case could all have their cases resolved in six months.
2342	Gallagher then mounted Cedric and destroyed him with stiff punches.
2343	Gallant added: “They throw that (neutral zone) trap at you and when you turn it over, that’s when they’re most dangerous.”
2344	Galveston County Food BankFood Bank of Corpus Christiare accepting online donations.
2345	Game modes like 'The Journey' have been upgraded and improved, while once again a summer of hefty transfer activity has seen many clubs undergo something of a makeover in terms of new playing personnel.
2346	Game of Thrones actor Kristian Nairn, who played Hodor, recently appeared on Sky Atlantic's Thronecast where he may have revealed a spoiler regarding Cersei and Jaime Lannister.
2347	GamesBeat: Do people get into it as much as you expect?
2348	Gan said based on information provided by the victim, police went to check a Ramadan bazaar in Taman Perpaduan Tambun and saw a man seeking donations.
2349	Garcia and other women in the Capitol have become a support system for each other; with book clubs and office gatherings often turning into venues for discussing how best to fight harassment, long before the Weinstein allegations broke open.
2350	Gardaí examined CCTV footage of the incident but Moore was not recognised on the video until two years later.
2351	Garden believes more could have been done to trim costs at STC and make it more palatable to government number crunchers.
2352	Gary Bettman believes that an arena in Ottawa’s downtown core is essential to long term success, yet points to Senators’ GM Eugene Melnyk for the answer.
2353	Gary was a member of the Nebraska Army National Guard from 1966 through 1972.
2354	Gate opens at 6 p.m. The concert welcomes all ages.
2355	GBP switched to net short 9K from long 1K.
2356	Gender stereotypes took a tumble on the LFW runways as Nepal’s first transgender model Anjali Lama walked the ramp for some of India’s leading designers.
2357	General and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased 0.2% from the previous quarter.
2358	General Hospital (GH) spoilers reveal Anna Devane (Finola Hughes) was shocked when she heard from Valentin Cassadine (James Patrick Stuart) that she used sex to get him to turn over confidential WSB files for her to sell to the evil DVX cartel.
2359	General Hospital (GH) spoilers reveal that William deVry suffered a major loss when a death struck his family Sunday afternoon.
2360	Genesee District Judge David Guinn authorized charges Wednesday, June 14, for Department of Health and Human Services Director Nick Lyon and Chief Medical Executive Dr. Eden Wells.
2361	Geoffrey Willey was the longest serving volunteer at the museum.
2362	George said 2016 saw a total of 32 traffic deaths.
2363	Gerighty confirmed that the development team will continue to make bug fixes and balance the game throughout the coming year.
2364	Germany said Belgium and the were obliged to shed light on the scandal.
2365	Get back to your regular programming.
2366	Get comfortable with being uncomfortable because you're going to be uncomfortable; there's no way around it.
2367	Get down off your pure-bred high horses.
2368	Getting out rich and hug and it ran out you know that had he is the big guy.
2369	Gettin’ yo bronze on usually comes at a price.
2370	Get up and take a walk; it’s good for you.
2371	Ghana are scheduled to take on Burkina Faso in the third-place play-off clash at the Stade de Port Gentil on Saturday.
2372	Gibson indicated that the press has a role to play in the community and sometimes can contribute to some of the negative aspects in the society.
2373	Gideon Dzakwa sent this piece from Yola, Adamawa State.
2374	Gilles Tetreault, who was attacked but escaped, testified at Mark Twitchell's trial in an Edmonton court on April 1, 2011.
2375	Girkar died after suffering a heart attack.
2376	Given Blizzard’s penchant for celebrating various holidays in their games, we are also expecting that there will be new limited time events, and so on.
2377	Given he already has a good rapport with Dec, the host could be a safe bet to help recreate the pair’s jokey partnership in Ant’s absence.
2378	Givens says the span is also too small, which creates flooding risks.
2379	Given the demand surrounding the now discontinued NES Classic, consumers will undoubtedly want to reserve its miniature successor as quickly as possible to ensure that they receive one at launch.
2380	Given the Grizzlies’ track record against East teams, especially mediocre-to-bad ones, it’s anybody’s guess how these next two play out (although the Magic are currently on top of the East standings, so I suppose anything is possible).
2381	Given the inordinate size of our civil service, I real hope someone somewhere is doing some predictive modelling.
2382	Given the intelligence leaks lately - most recently, the National Security Agency document that was published by The Intercept - what does - what does this say about the mood within the intelligence community in general?
2383	Given their history of handling QBs, Kizer’s fate was practically sealed when he was drafted by the Browns in the second round.
2384	Given this, Brexiteers are wrong to claim that the UK, as a net importer, will be in a strong position in trade negotiations with the EU.
2385	Given we adopt the outside perspective of Khaled, new to this nation, it allows for the viewer to appreciate the quirks and sensibilities of the Finnish people.
2386	Give to me, give to me!
2387	Glen Hansman, president of the BC Teachers’ Federation, says searching for staff east of the Rockies is a good thing.
2388	Global Aluminum Welding Wires Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions.
2389	Global crude oil inventories have remained high, in part because of increased production from the US.
2390	God reminded her she wasn’t always lovable either.
2391	“God schools take all kids and grow their performance and development over time,” White said.
2392	God’s love, he said, nourishes Christian hope that “doesn’t separate us from others, nor does it lead us to discredit or marginalize others.”
2393	GoFundMe website has been set up for Christy Worley’s burial funds.
2394	Go here to read our interview with the organizers.
2395	Going by the latest report of AutocarIndia, the bookings for Jeep Compass have gone up to 4,000 already.
2396	Going by your time value of money concept, similar investments in Russian fields have given you profitability of Rs 700 crore.
2397	“Go it alone is a political statement.”
2398	Golar LNG Partners has a 52-week low of $16.71 and a 52-week high of $25.82.
2399	Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Simon Property Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $207.00 to $185.00 in a report on Friday, March 17th.
2400	“Gold might just keep drifting lower until the Chinese return.
2401	Gold, silver and cash worth ₹1.52 crore have been recovered and four cars worth ₹24 lakh have been seized.
2402	Goldsmith is well aware this new direction may turn off some fans who loosened up listening to the quartet’s organic harmonies, but does not seem the least bit concerned about it.
2403	Golf News & ToursMasters Rookies: Is This The Year?
2404	Golf was Ravkind's favorite pastime, friends and family said.
2405	Gomez, a Throggs Neck resident who works as a program director for Phipps Neighborhoods, a South Bronx-based social services nonprofit, had only raised $5,912.
2406	Gomez-Mendez refused to submit to breathalyzer tests but allegedly admitted to drinking at a friend’s house earlier that evening, telling officers she had made a “big mistake.”
2407	Good food hygiene, personal hygiene as well as environmental hygiene will prevent the disease.
2408	Good manners cost nothing – even if they are directed at modern technology.
2409	Good Morning America" today, Scott warned that Irma could be worse than Hurricane Andrew, which devastated the Sunshine State 25 years ago.
2410	Good thing is you do motivate Nigerians to wake up from the sleeping potion.
2411	Good thing subby spell checked his headline.
2412	"Go past the 2nd McDonalds, turn right at the Arby's, and it'll be across the street from Taco Bell next to Krispy Kreme".
2413	Gordon's request was approved.
2414	Got my copy from a BBS too.
2415	“Government-owned, rented, leased, or chartered aircraft should not be used for travel by Government employees except with specific justification,” wrote Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget.
2416	Government surveys show that the number of non-elderly uninsured people fell from 44.3 million in December 2013 (the month before the Affordable Care Act took full effect) to 28.2 million at the end of last year.
2417	Governor Mapp, in the meantime, thanked President Trump and the various other persons as well as organizations that have offered ‘tremendous support’ to the USVI.
2418	Gradient Investments LLC now owns 16,330 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,000 after purchasing an additional 1,170 shares during the period.
2419	Graduated from Bronx Academy Highschool later attended Westchester College as well as Herkimer Community College majoring in Business Management.
2420	Grange said he had advised many clients not to bother taking a matter to small claims court because of the time, expense and the risk that you'll never collect your judgment even if you're successful.
2421	Granted, there's nothing new in faulting a big-budget movie for a lack of originality.
2422	Granted, you won’t find weevils in your investment account, but you shouldn’t ignore your portfolio either and here are five questions you need to ask your financial advisor.
2423	Grassley also suggested that the marshals used the Asset Forfeiture Fund “to fully fund the salaries and expenses of district employees who are not actually fully dedicated to the asset forfeiture mission.”
2424	Great choices—I’ve enjoyed them all.
2425	Greaves noted that over the last 48 years, the NIS has provided to workers and their dependents a wide range of social security benefits.
2426	Green color and original font returns.
2427	Green Monday promotions often follow an environmentally conscious theme, and the event falls on Dec. 11 this year.
2428	Greenpeace called Norwegian whaling "a dying industry" and said it was wrong of Norway to violate international agreement.
2429	Greg Abbott is the Trump administration’s new favorite governor.
2430	Gremore is charged with Robbery with a Dangerous Weapon, Larceny of a Motor Vehicle, and Possession of a Stolen Vehicle.
2431	Greta Johnson, 58, was last seen on Tuesday, June 20, at her Tranquille Road home on the North Shore.
2432	GRISWOLD, Conn. (CBS Connecticut) – A Griswold man was killed in a scooter crash Wednesday night.
2433	Grose wants someone to capture Lahren’s outfit for Instagram, where Lahren’s 779,000 followers are often treated to snaps of Lahren wearing clothing she’s paid to endorse, like her own “Team Tomi” shirt, made by the Bullets and Bombshells Gun Society.
2434	GROSS: Joshua Green is national correspondent for Bloomberg Businessweek and author of the new book "Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, And The Storming Of The Presidency."
2435	GROSS: These are flyers advertising the show in order to bring people into the room?
2436	GRUISSAN, France (AP) — Yves Lampaert took the overall lead of the Spanish Vuelta on Sunday after winning the second stage which saw strong winds, crashes and even a brief wait for a passing train.
2437	Guadagno’s tax cut pledge drew praise from comedian and radio host Joe Piscopo as well as Evesham Township Mayor Randy Brown.
2438	Guardiola has been keen to bring in new fullbacks, after releasing Gael Clichy, Pablo Zabaleta and Bacary Sagna at the end of last season.
2439	Guest: What’s Being Taught at Flagler College?
2440	Guilherme Visconti of Sao Paulo, Brazil had been a guest of Rick and Marilyn Davidson of Tuscola since January, as part of the Rotary Student Exchange Program.
2441	Guns are legal, shooting a gun is legal, & accidentally shooting one’s self isn’t illegal.
2442	Gun-toting bandits on Tuesday evening robbed a former reporter of her car and other valuables, moments after she and a friend arrived at a popular night spot in Kitty, Georgetown.
2443	GUYSBOROUGH: The warden said a recent meeting with the province’s health department was positive.
2444	Guys come out of nowhere like Tyler Gabriel on the Falcons, Doug Baldwin on the Seahawks, Cole Beasley on the Cowcons to name a few in recent memory.
2445	Gwen and Gavin are parents to Kingston, 10, Zuma, eight, and two-year-old Apollo.
2446	Gżira beat Ħamrun to take three precious.
2447	Hackers may be able to covertly steal sensitive data, including passwords, from isolated computer systems by using the blinking LED lights built into PCs, laptops and servers, research suggests.
2448	Hadid and Malik haven’t been shy about flaunting their relationship on social media.
2449	Had someone just gone through and cleaned these out, we wouldn’t have even an ounce of ammunition against Trubisky in the event that he someday starts beefing with Rodgers.
2450	Had Volcker not acted, the US would have suffered from spiraling inflation.
2451	Hair dyed black, she drives around in a van, her face slack and unemotional, until she asks some man for directions.
2452	Halabja, in northern Iraq, was the scene of a deadly chemical attack decades ago during the reign of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
2453	Haley, who enjoys tremendous popularity in Israel, was taken for a patrol of the northern border line between Israel and Lebanon.
2454	Hamas figures blame Abbas, Fatah and Dahlan for encouraging Egypt and other Arab countries to keep the economic pressure on, forcing Hamas to agree to the reconciliation.
2455	Hamilton recently graduated from UWF with a Master’s in Public History with a Film and Media Specialization.
2456	Hamon proved to be a hit, convincingly pushing his radical agenda for social change, and crushing another guest – a member of Le Pen’s National Front – in the process.
2457	Hampshire’s roads policing unit signalled the new operation in a tweet.
2458	Hanging out with friends, or I like to lift weights a lot.
2459	Hannah and Naomi were each other’s maids of honor, with Elisabeth as a bridesmaid.
2460	” Hanson, though, knew the exact few angles he wanted to capture and was confident it could work.
2461	Happens to one, happens to all."
2462	“Happy 11th birthday to the love of my life, the kindest, most brilliant boy of all time.
2463	Happy Happy Birthday my buddy!
2464	Happy Science March Earth Day to all.
2465	Happy Wala birthday Salman Sir!
2466	Harare is nicknamed the Sunshine City; not only because.
2467	Harbour Capital Advisors LLC grew its holdings in shares of UnitedHealth Group by 18,383.4% in the 2nd quarter.
2468	Hard to believe the president would “joke” with his chief of staff about firing him and booting him halfway across the world and then actually do it, but never underestimate Trump’s capacity for petty cruelty towards his underlings.
2469	"Hard to get shots."
2470	Hargrave and van Bloemendaal say now is the time to take aim at the city's 78.7 cents per $100 valuation tax rate, one of the highest in Dallas County.
2471	Haryana Health Minister Anil Vij, meanwhile, said the INLD was inciting the people to dig the canal so that the decision of the Supreme Court cannot be implemented.
2472	Has Cage kept his power increase despite not wearing the gauntlet for awhile?
2473	Hasen suggested in a recent column that under North Carolina law Governor Roy Cooper and Attorney General Josh Stein have the authority to withdraw the petition.
2474	Hate it When People Get Your Name Wrong?
2475	Hauwa Umar Usman, a Kano state born pretty lady is one of the few Nigerians Overseas that has re-branded the nation by her rare academic exploits.
2476	“Have you just ruined the GBBO final?” asked another follower, while the reality TV star Cara de la Hoyde‏ tweeted: “This is absolutely devastating.
2477	Having an in-depth knowledge of the borough and a passion for Guildford are essential requirements for this role.
2478	Having dived in vain for a pass in the second quarter, Jones returned to his feet using a method kids probably shouldn’t try at home.
2479	Having first opened there in 2003, the company’s growth was stalled by the 2011 earthquakes.
2480	Having Katie Hopkins on Fox News to talk about British sentiment would be like having Dr Harold Shipman on to discuss best medical practice.
2481	Having people in a community who are treated atrociously ultimately harms all of us.
2482	“Having somebody bully you, demean you, degrade you in any way is not OK.”
2483	Having spent £73k on a small plot in east London, Joe has designed a split level, six half-floor house that will cleverly maximise space and will be undertaking most of the work himself.
2484	Having two lines to the same destination will only be duplication,” said UPS Madan, Metropolitan Commissioner, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority.
2485	Hawkeye will return.
2486	Hawkins said he hopes to have the fiscal note estimate back by the end of the week to continue work on the bill.
2487	Hayley Morris knew early in high school what she wanted to do with the rest of her life.
2488	Head coach Quin Snyder consistently brings up Gobert’s relentless motor, desire to win and drive to be the best player on the court.
2489	Head coach Rick Pitino of the Louisville Cardinals during the third round of the 2015 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament on March 22, 2015 in Seattle, Washington.
2490	He added he also inspected the Talkeetna property, where a handful of other dogs are kept, saying he found nothing amiss there either.
2491	He added that Challenge TB appreciates and realises the role celebrities play in pushing the health agenda thus engaging them would be ideal.
2492	He added that it could probably take about a month to complete the inspection and release the results.
2493	He adds, “Less than 10 percent of companies are monitoring open source in their company, so even if these companies wanted to update their versions of Struts, they would have a hard time figuring out which applications were using Struts.”
2494	He admits he made "bad decisions" but says he did it for his family.
2495	He admitted that the effects of being caught cheating was “a gut-punch from God” and he claims he won’t be stepping out on his wife ever again.
2496	Heads of DFA International Cooperation, Grant Programs, Marketing, Psit-Inve4stment Service and Programs Divisions presented PM Karapetyan the programs planned in sartorial directions.
2497	He agreed that there had been no recurrence of this activity.
2498	He allegedly failed to disclose that he'd left his previous job at Google because of a sexual harassment allegation.
2499	He allegedly worked for the Federal Intelligence Service between 2011 and 2015.
2500	He also assured the stakeholders in green energy and bio-fuel sector that the ministry will provide market to the green energy products and exhorted experts, entrepreneurs, students to explore the bio-energy sector and make it a mass movement.
2501	He also called on all and sundry to play significant roles in their respective communities to end child marriage.
2502	He also challenged senior ruling party cadres to draw a lesson from the unity displayed by the Youth League in its organisation of the massive rallies.
2503	He also faces a misdemeanor count of fourth-degree criminal mischief.
2504	He also highlighted merit-based recruitment and promotion procedures to ensure the integrity of the state civil service.
2505	He also highlighted Spain's contributions to the activities of the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence (CCD CoE) and expressed his pleasure that Portugal would be joining the defense center soon as well.
2506	He also liked to visit the charity shops in town.
2507	He also questioned the way party members were dealing with the current political fate of the Congress.
2508	He also revealed that he's in therapy, telling GQ: "I love it.
2509	He also said patronage of his goods has dropped considerably following the horrific incident which deformed his physical stature.
2510	He also said that despite his age, he still hoped to play a great dramatic role someday.
2511	He also said that, Ramadan days in Australia is no different than the days of other months.
2512	He also said the bill would limit loss of students to 1 percent of enrollment.
2513	He also said they will continue to have a major influence in their collegiate careers.
2514	He also served as a reserve officer for Marine Patrol.
2515	He also spoke of the strengthening of the code of ethics for chiefs to ensure that they carried themselves properly to restore the nobility of the institution and sustain its reverence.
2516	He also starred in Doctors, The Bill and appeared in Noel Clarke’s film Kidulthood.
2517	He also stresses the importance of monitoring the projects carefully in order to ensure that they do not become dens of anti-social elements, a thing the parks of this city have too often fallen prey to.
2518	He also urged the public to refrain from making any speculation and let the police do their job.
2519	He and his wife Mary Kaye are the parents of seven children.
2520	He and his wife moved to Homestead Village Apartments in 2008.
2521	He and Ms. van Kampen decided that Farinelli would be played by two men: Mr. Crane, in the speaking role, and Mr. Davies, who steps onstage to sing as his alter ego stands quietly by.
2522	He appealed to the world bodies particularly the UN to play role in its settlement.
2523	“Hear it from me I have tried to use music and gospel before and it hasn’t worked,” he said.
2524	He arrived in Berdichev and went directly to the study of the Rebbe.
2525	He assured Colombians that perpetrators would quickly be brought to justice.
2526	Heather stated, “Chipley’s Third Street Historic District is a fine example of late 19th and 20th century homes and well worth the ‘trip down Memory Lane.’
2527	He basically summed it up as one week community service for each of these deaths.
2528	He began performing with brother Kevin at the family’s backyard barbecues.
2529	He believes the role of curbing it should not be left in the hands of the government alone, adding that conscious efforts should be made by church to address the growing trend.
2530	He briefed Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan before the news conference and went to the White House to share the information.
2531	He called for an HR agency and a moratorium on certain work permits and wants the development of a strategy to put Caymanians at the top of the financial services and tourism sectors.
2532	He called on leaders, wealthy individuals and organisations to emulate his unique qualities for a better society by making life a lot easier for the people especially at the grassroots.
2533	He can and sometimes really can be a butthole.
2534	He cannot speak to the media.
2535	He can process 10 terabytes of data in about a week.
2536	He can’t build his palace to the 1% in Oakland or San Diego, so move the team, even though it make no sense.
2537	He caught three passes for 40 yards and two touchdowns.
2538	He cautioned us to not try petting Pershing, who was a one-person dog.
2539	He challenged them to prove beyond reasonable doubt that they are best.
2540	He cited the shortage of maintainers and aging fleet of aircraft as other factors that affect the Air Force’s readiness and that the military branch now operates with only 5,500 aircraft that have been running for 27 years.
2541	He cites a recent conference in Morocco where journalists are called upon to answer for their sins and approvingly cites the comments made there by New York Times writer Steven Erlanger, among others.
2542	He clarified, "I don't know that she ever said 'I'm doing this for the money,' but 'this is just my summer vacation, my summer in Europe.'
2543	He commended the German Government for granting him asylum and pledged his loyalty.
2544	He continued that, “for the voter registration process, NEC would have to take the lead in the area of voter registration aspect “which is just people of voting age that is those that are qualified to vote”.
2545	He criticized the NDP government for not doing more to respond to the advocate’s previous recommendations.
2546	He definitely gives away rounds, but he can punch.
2547	He demanded cash and took off before police could catch him.
2548	He denied having sexual intercourse with the woman, saying they only caressed and she stopped him before they could be intimate.
2549	He didn't buy them from a private seller at a gun show, garage sale or via an internet ad.
2550	He died at LeBonheur Children's Hospital after suffering a gunshot would to his head.
2551	He disclosed that state governments had already agreed to commit between 0.5 per cent to one per cent of their monthly allocation towards HIV/Aids programmes.
2552	He disclosed this in a statement signed and issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, on Wednesday.
2553	He discovered America.
2554	He does a segment every Friday called “Jason Sings the Police Blotter” inspired by a minor crime that happened in town.
2555	He does everything the right way.”
2556	He does know for sure that music changed his life.
2557	He does not hold any post at the moment except for hankering after the post.
2558	He doesn’t miss by much.
2559	“He ended up being the last one out.”
2560	He ended up staying for a year and a half, studying traditional Ayurvedic medicine.
2561	He even has a little onion knight daughter!
2562	He eventually hatched a plan: in 1994, he left the country to work abroad, and vowed to save enough money to put up a business back home.
2563	He expects the presidential commission to have its first meeting in July and produce its report in a year.
2564	He felt bad for his teammates, and was irritated with himself.
2565	"He figured the next few weeks would be hell, but to my surprise after the first few hours, he seemed to perk up," Katie Smith wrote in Babble.
2566	He further adds that this issue has been a “wake-up call” for the company and that Huawei has learned a “profound lesson” to not cut corners where flagship products are concerned.
2567	He further commended NovaNam’s initiative to promote and sponsor the publication of a book on the city of Lüderitz, a urban center whose history is intimately related to NovaNam’s own history in Namibia.
2568	He further recalled that since his vehicle was stolen, he has been following up at the Leonora Police Station on a daily basis; however he feels like the police neglected the situation.
2569	He gets well as a 123 inning.
2570	“He got a lot of attention tonight and we just found a way to get it to him.”
2571	He got to see that I was a different person and that helped us bond.”
2572	He graduated with honors from Hyde Park High School and Northeastern University (Boston).
2573	“He had a greater love of life than me.
2574	He had a grey beard and moustache, a deep voice, and was wearing a baggy t-shirt.
2575	He had all these guns.
2576	He had a number of traffic tickets and driving under the influence charges against him dismissed in his plea deal.
2577	He had been in the role since July 2015 and worked two days a week.
2578	He had dominate runs in the NWA/WCW, Mid-South Wrestling, UWF and dozens of other promotions.
2579	He had no idea he thinks.
2580	He had performed for free Thursday nights at the bandstand and had been steadily increasing his fan base with each of the seven performances.
2581	He had real ambition for our area.
2582	He handled all the paperwork for college students applying to be officers in the marine corps.
2583	He has appeared at many prestigious festivals, world-class theatres, concert halls and infamous Blues clubs around the globe.
2584	He has been an incredible playmaker over the years and playing a bit of a secondary role in that department to Kyrie Irving the past few seasons have done little to illuminate that facet of his game.
2585	He has been -- he has made anti-science remarks also in the past.
2586	He has been published on ESPN.
2587	He has blue eyes and greying hair.
2588	He has brought about political change in Ethiopia, and placed the rural poor first in the country’s development strategies.”
2589	He has picked up a meagre 10 points so far this season and has not finished any higher than fifth since returning to McLaren in 2015.
2590	He has played for Leitrim in the past, while he has also been one of the best club players in Donegal over the last two years.
2591	He has raised capital for late stage pre-IPO companies such as Organovo (ONVO), Invivo Therapeutics (NVIV) and Matinas BioPharma (MTNB) to name a few.
2592	He has served on the board for Atria and its predecessor for 18 years with the last five as chairman.
2593	He has since been named in Chelsea’s 25-man Premier League squad.
2594	He has since worked with Cage, alongside Begg.
2595	He has spent the past three decades as a Washington, D.C., lawyer primarily representing U.S. steelmakers in trade cases.
2596	He has volunteered with his church, St. Andrews Catholic Church, and with the Intel Foundation.
2597	He held interaction with the Hon’ble Chief Minister.
2598	"He helps by making me over-exaggerate things and get it to where it's not so hard to do something," McKayla Hussey said.
2599	He highlighted that there were no significant economic outcomes as a consequence of demonetisation.
2600	He hinted that the quarterback battle could involve three or four players in the spring.
2601	He hopes that these small changes will quickly become normalized as simply a part of the party experience.
2602	He however, says that if the money delays to come, Chipata City Council has agreed to borrow some money from the equalisation fund to do the works.
2603	He impressed overseas after being drafted, first for KK Cibona in the Adriatic League before transferring to Darussafaka Dogus Istanbul in Turkey.
2604	He is a co-founder of Progressive Frontier, an avid poker player, and an unapologetic liberal who supports gun regulations.
2605	He is a commissioner in this government and I am a commissioner in the government too.
2606	He is a former member of this House, and he knows how the procedure is.
2607	He is a member of the Republicans, a mainstream-right party whose candidate Macron beat in the first round of the election.
2608	He is an expert, he is highly respected, he is the general's general."
2609	He is a piece of shiat, just like Dylan Roof and what time they have left should be miserable.
2610	‘He is a talented, charming opportunist, able to size up people and build personal relations,’ argues Adam Plowright, a presidential biographer.
2611	“He is dictating what is and isn’t racist on behalf of a group of people, for which he has no right to speak on behalf of.
2612	He is not known for being an art collector or incredibly wealthy, and documents viewed by the show that he was such a non-entity in the art scene that Christie's had to quickly figure out right before the auction if he was eligible to bid.
2613	He is now set to lead the Indian T20 side in a three-match series as part of the final leg of England’s tour of India.
2614	He is scheduled to appear in bond court this afternoon.
2615	He is seen openly threatening India, questioning and blaming NIA for ‘harassing’ freedom lovers of Kashmir, eulogizing terrorists and what not.
2616	He is someone who can step in after a couple years and show his intelligence on the field immediately.
2617	“He is taking very serious issue with the remarks of the Tánaiste on the News at One today and, it is my understanding, will be issuing a statement,” Martin said.
2618	“He joked before and after and boasted about the killing,” he added.
2619	He just really did not like being corrected.
2620	“He just replied, ‘It was the first place I saw.’
2621	He lashed out when Lucy became the target of lewd comments from the child and his pals while they hung outside their home in 2012.
2622	He led the nine of spades, and unblocked dummy’s king when West played the ace.
2623	He left with his team trailing 2-1 in an effort worthy of a win.
2624	Helibash at Lakeside: Join us the evening after Thanksgiving dinner for Lakeside Tavern's Helibash!
2625	He limited the Golden Bears to just three hits while striking out five.
2626	Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice tells the story of a warrior on a quest to revive her dead fiance, all while struggling to manage her mental trauma.
2627	He’ll declare that he wants to go on her show and expose Victor’s cruelty.
2628	He’ll let one of his henchmen do it.
2629	Hellmers said Houlton teaches students about health and wellness in a variety of ways.
2630	He looked older than twenty-two.
2631	He looks at her smugly and says “Oh you mean when you barked orders and I pretended to listen?”
2632	He looks tired – his three-year-old has an ear infection – but is a passionate talker; his cappuccino goes cold and his muffin remains uneaten.
2633	He loved his church and was a very big supporter of the building fund and the transportation fund.
2634	He made a comment that he brought it up to Cena and Cena right fully said it's a new generation and let them hang themselves with their own rope.
2635	He managed that despite his production coming off the rails after he was hit in the back with a pitch on July 30, 2016.
2636	He missed … he missed badly.
2637	He named her Daria after a fellow physics grad from the University of California, and her last name, Morgendorffer, was borrowed from a colleague’s mother.
2638	Hence, they are more sensitive to its interaction with cannabinoids.
2639	He nearly scored the winning touchdown, but could not corral Tom Brady’s pass near the goal line in overtime.
2640	He needs prayers he is in the magic bottle.
2641	Hennepin County Sheriff Richard Stanek has taken himself out of the race for the Republican nomination for governor in 2018.
2642	He noted the graduation is “truly remarkable,” something that would never happen again.
2643	He now has 2,020 points.
2644	Henry County Courthouse, 1839 replica — First Courthouse in the State of Iowa.
2645	He obtained 36,000 pages of documents from the FDA, including the original study report, the protocol and summary results, and other documents from Health Canada, all as the result of freedom of information requests.
2646	He once decided he had to whisper an acting note in my ear instead of out loud in front of the company as is the norm.
2647	He opened his factory in 2001, the same year China joined the World Trade Organization, a move that guaranteed the county greater access to the American and other world markets.
2648	He owns one hard court title, won in Acapulco in 2016, and his game is rounding into form to make him a threat on all surfaces.
2649	He personally has a long history of denigrating the arts, dating back to his 1980 decision, when building Trump Tower, to destroy a set of art deco reliefs on the site that he knew were sought after by the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
2650	He planned to use the appearance to urge more immediate steps to reduce the world’s reliance on fossil fuels in favour of renewable energy sources.
2651	He played for several teams before retiring in 2011, including Orlando Magic, Los Angeles Lakers, Miami Heat, Phoenix Suns, Cleveland Cavaliers and Boston Celtics.
2652	He played well before he got hurt.
2653	He pointed to two as particular issues — four botched snaps on offense and some poor run fits on defense, particularly on a 75-yard run by DeMarco Murray that helped break the game open.
2654	He posted an adorable snap of Chrissy Teigen and their daughter, Luna, on vacation in Bali.
2655	He practices hard, but he doesn’t live for golf, even for as much as he enjoys it.
2656	He prayed to Father Rother and experienced a full recovery within two days, he said.
2657	He provided conclusions Thomas could not: “To me this looked like an injury that occurred from some type of a blunt force and damaged that piece of intestine,” he said.
2658	He put it under our front porch here at the dome,” Gavin said.
2659	Her body is currently in mortuary for postmortem and it is not yet known whether her remains will be laid to rest in Malawi or in the rainbow nation.
2660	Her character is Liliane, a quiet, self-effacing middle-aged woman who works in a food factory.
2661	Her diagnosis and treatment both represent “freedom” to her.
2662	Here are 17 tips to make 2017 your best year ever.
2663	Here are 21 quotes that I have thought about often and used to inspire me to down size my boss and it can do the same for you.
2664	Here are a few »
2665	Here are a few thoughts of what I'm looking for from Moynihan and company to produce in Q3, but more importantly to show where the bank's heading going into 2018.
2666	Here are a few tips for making good diet choices when eating at restaurants.
2667	Here are five of the best films that require your attention in September.
2668	Here are some of the things that will happen over the next 12 months, to shape omnichannel strategies of the future.
2669	Here are some selected headlines in today's newspaper, September 05, 2017.
2670	He recalled his parents graphically telling him how they would hide behind trees at the sight of hovering military plane bombers.
2671	He recalls being told by a third-grade girl, who used to always say hello to him in his classroom, that her parents had instructed her not to "come into your room anymore if there's no other students."
2672	He recommended the city outlaw horse carriages.
2673	He referenced on this point, adding that every performance is one more attempt to complete the work.
2674	“Here, INEC officials give numbers to people on the basis of first-come, first-serve; I was here yesterday morning at 6 a.m. I was number 96 but I ended up not registering.
2675	"Here in Yorkshire we feel we've got a population of five million, about as big as Scotland, a £100bn economy, a big strong identity," he said.
2676	Here is the FIRST LOOK at 's character Gellert Grindelwald in sequel, Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald.
2677	Here is to hoping Otero makes it official!
2678	Here is where you can take sample Smarter Balanced Assessment tests.
2679	Here, polished aluminium rails frame the glass of the roof.
2680	He represented York County for 13 consecutive terms and served as chairman of the House Committee on Education and Labor for nearly a decade until retiring in 2001.
2681	Here’s a breakdown of what is planned.
2682	Here’s my problem: Bobby Henon ain’t no reformer.
2683	Here’s the full recipe.
2684	Here’s the last few minutes of the opener, which had Cedric Alexander locking up with Ariya Daivari.
2685	Here's the only official t-shirt that proves it.
2686	Here’s to buying a mega size roll, and knowing where you filed it.
2687	Here we see Dany sharing a private word with Missandei, the woman Tyrion described as our queen's most-trusted advisor in episode 3. What could they be discussing that has Missandei smirking that secret smile?
2688	Her ex Harry also happened to be at the same show, as were a lot of other famous faces.
2689	Her glare had morphed into her special kind of pout with her mouth all puckered up.
2690	He righted the district's financial problems.
2691	Her journalism career was uncompromising.
2692	Her latest escapade in South Africa was simply a disgrace, period.
2693	Her other anchor is the ashes of her pet, Dog, that she has kept for decades.
2694	Her own mini-me!
2695	Her party's lead in the polls appears to be stable, making it seemingly impossible for Russian intelligence services to influence the situation in ways that could sway the outcome of the election.
2696	Her policies have been so incoherent in recent months that it has to be asked whether she is on a fishing expedition, keen to try outrageous tactics until she gets one right.
2697	Her programme asks the very basic question: ‘Who are transgenders?’ and seeks to address questions that are asked even less, including how many different identities constitute transgenders.
2698	Herself a champion of contemporary Canadian music, Egoyan thinks of Gould as “a remarkable everything—a visionary.
2699	Her siblings also just want her back,” she said.
2700	Her Twitter mentions were flooded with naysayers who posted that would seem to prove her claim false.
2701	Herz was freed on bond after his arrest, and while awaiting trial he obtained more child porn images on new digital devices.
2702	He’s a federal district judge.
2703	He said ‘Are you working tonight?
2704	He said bowls is not the first sport he tried.
2705	He said brands must be promoted through advertisement year by year, so that it doesn't die; stating that "however, good anything is, its importance may wane, that is why you must keep advertising".
2706	He said: "By lunchtime we had sold out of many of the posters and we began the day with a stack of them.
2707	He said government had outlined a number of initiatives to revamp the sector, including planting for Food and Jobs, Fertilizer Subsidy Programme, and the Ghana Commercial Agriculture Project.
2708	He said he also joined a group that travelled with Ivanka on a private chartered jet to look at a potential site for another Trump project in Cartagena, Colombia.
2709	He said he is homeless.
2710	“He said he wanted us to have this because he wanted us to know there are still people who care about us, and that’s very cool,” Kussow said of the donation.
2711	He said it all started when Jacob called to set up an "urgent meeting" on February 23, one that began with Jacob demanding the phone number of a person named "Zach."
2712	He said it's hard to make any direct connection to climate change, or to economic impact in the state -- for that, we need more data.
2713	“(He said) ‘OK … do you know there’s a gas leakage?’
2714	He said other states could join the lawsuit, which asks a judge to throw out key provisions of the order Trump issued Friday.
2715	He said prison staff are now asking for more requirements when visiting the senator.
2716	He said resorting to use of brute force for every expression of resistance or protest by any section of the society even if they school students has become the standard response of the authorities that want to terrorize people into submission.
2717	He said: “Shetland has many areas with no broadband coverage or very slow speeds.
2718	He said such inquisitiveness has become necessary, in view of the fact that several states ravaged by flood prefers to go cap in hand begging the Federal Government for assistance.
2719	He said that making nursing courses more accessible would have benefits from a number of different points of view.
2720	He said that someone could, for example, follow the runner and advise him to increase speed at points that are cooler or to slow down in other spots.
2721	He said that the fund would be managed by a Board of Trustees to be headed by the Minister in charge of Labour, Employment and Productivity with the oversight power of the National Assembly.
2722	He said the air conditioning market has an around $1 billion value in Turkey and around one-fourth of this is owned by commercial sector.
2723	He said the HPC chairman S. Sirijagan had taken effective steps to ensure execution of various pilgrim amenity projects at Sabarimala.
2724	He said the most important lesson for the budding shooters was to know how to handle the firearm.
2725	He said the officials resented him because reassigned some of their works and projects to other department officials.
2726	He said the project was important for the citizenry to understand that Ghana was important and above any ethnic and political considerations.
2727	He said there is no point in covering the crimes, if perpetrated, to defend the former president and his supporters and bring disrepute to the entire army.
2728	He said there were people with bad intention and who like to spread false news, describing them as traitors and destroyers of unity.
2729	He said the security man raised an alarm and he and other occupants in the house entered the MP’s room and saw the deceased in a pool of blood.
2730	He said, “The shacks have devalued our properties, we have voiced our opinion and do not want these shacks there.
2731	He said: “This skate facility is for the young people of Fleetwood but it has all gone quiet and nothing has been done.
2732	He said three suspects detained in connection with the murder were belonging to Syed khel district.
2733	He said; “we are also engaging more extensively with the communities and people of the Niger Delta to minimize disruptions to oil production”.
2734	“He said, ‘What are you gonna do about it?’
2735	He said women sometimes flush fetal remains down the toilet after sudden miscarriages without any public health threat and “don’t say they see it as undignified.”
2736	He’s also proposing better training, less paperwork and ways to put more caseworkers in the field.
2737	He’s a pleasure to be around.”
2738	He’s at the finish line to cheer Erin on when the bombs go off.
2739	He saved a multitude of shots, at times even using his body to cover the length of the goal line, as the Terriers tried to push the puck through crowds of defenders.
2740	He saw teammate Braxton Berrios blocking Pitt's Terrish Webb near the goal line.
2741	He says, and it must be admitted, that his logic is unanswerable, that, inasmuch as the muscles simply transmit power derived from the nervous system, strong nerves and a big reserve of nervous energy are infinitely more important than big muscles.
2742	He says a perfect example of that is 8, which was co-produced by Skrillex and Dave Sardy.
2743	He says he "had some beautiful pictures taken in which I had a big smile on my face" and "looked like a very nice person."
2744	He says more arrests could be coming.
2745	He says much of the past discussions were based on catalogues of kings and queens, de-contextualised antiquities with hardly any consideration of associated meanings, stories, traditions and intangible heritage.
2746	He says that 2,745,417 cases of malaria have been registered by the 15th week of 2017.
2747	He says the intentions of the newspaper is to isolate him from the president.
2748	He says this is because people are fearful of consequences if they report an unregistered firearm being stolen.
2749	He says, “We raised over $618 so after seeing what I could do with that, I started wondering, what else could I do?”
2750	He’s capable of a great match as we’ve seen with the El Patron match, but they’ve presented him as a chicken heel for so long.
2751	He’s critical of his two predecessors in DIY genetic modification because he says they did it in such a way that there’s no real way to verify whether their experiment worked.
2752	He's due to speak to us all in about 10 minutes so stay tuned for updates!
2753	He seemed so interested in me.
2754	He sees a critical need to “develop tourism products with a sustainable focus, helping to fit in with the local environment and ensure its preservation”.
2755	He sees a problem or issue, then he will address it.
2756	He sets his feet, but whiffs on a high kick that Suzuki counters with a sleeper, which is countered with a backdrop suplex!
2757	He's filed a lawsuit against publisher Jennifer DeKay, challenging her publication's qualifications to run legal ads.
2758	He's going to do the exact opposite.
2759	“He’s got a great arm,” says Blue Jays manager John Gibbons.
2760	He’s got a serious man-crush on ol’ pudgster Zimmerman.
2761	He’s got a system for doing this, and I should be inclined to trust his judgement more than the pet projects of activists.
2762	He shrugged it off and revealed he wasn’t disappointed with the snub but little did he know that his debut was loading.
2763	He signed a contract to coach a team that was coming off an NCAA berth, not one that was going 0-5 to start the season.
2764	"He simply repeated the arguments that the other defense lawyers had been making for months," the reporters write.
2765	He’s just living up to his given name.
2766	He's just simply going to be missed.
2767	He skated in on Rinne, holding the puck before scoring behind the goalie’s leg just 66 seconds later for his eighth goal and 24th point of the playoffs.
2768	He smiled at Monzon, then ran back behind his mother Linda’s leg, not so emboldened by his gesture.
2769	"He's obviously lost his thinking and reasoning by driving with -- being intoxicated and with a gun and it's hurtful to know that he did that," Win Thrall, who lives in Shorewood said.
2770	“He’s pasted together,” Maine head coach Joe Harasymiak joked about Carey’s injury history, which includes a torn meniscus (Carey had minor knee surgery in May) as well as a shoulder injury and last season’s broken hand.
2771	“He’s played very, very well,” said head coach Jerry York of his team captain.
2772	He’s searching, it would seem, for the “better” woman he might have met had he not married so hastily.
2773	He's such a good guy in the locker room.'
2774	He’s talking about killing her.’
2775	He states that he doesn’t need one.
2776	He stayed for just half-an-hour, before being ejected by doorman Will Hook because he had 'consumed enough alcohol' and was drawing attention to himself.
2777	He's the vice-president of the neighbouring West Barrhaven Community Association.
2778	He still exists even if you try to ignore the fact he is a homosexual you dimwit."
2779	He’s told reporters “I want to talk about it, but I can’t,” but now it looks like he’s finally ready to speak on it.
2780	He struggled a bit with Ryan Getzlaf, but which Oilers centre did not?
2781	He surrendered nine hits while walking one and striking four on 98 pitches.
2782	He survived serious injuries and torture before eventually being released in 1973.
2783	He suspects they are liberally biased.
2784	He's very proud of that job.
2785	He talked about depth and provided an update on tight end Austin Fort, who will miss some time with an injury.
2786	"He taught us many things: work hard and never quit," she said.
2787	He texted me right away and I won’t lie to you, I fell down in in as dramatic a fashion as the moment called for.
2788	He then blocked the hearing of the same.
2789	He then had trouble with the fingerprinting afterward.
2790	He then placed the $1,900 worth of fragrances into white plastic shopping bags and left the store without paying.
2791	'He then pleaded guilty and said the original letter must have gone missing because he moved addresses three times in two years.
2792	He then swerved in front of her and eventually knocked her driver’s side mirror off her car.
2793	He timed his jump perfectly and reached over the wall to the pull the homer back in.
2794	He told All Stars: “It was a good team performance.
2795	He told Gandhi that “my heart is not in the job any more”.
2796	He told me on a daily basis that I was his world.
2797	He told police he must have left it on top of his car and driven off.
2798	“He told police it was (Allen’s) idea for him to say it was his dog that attacked (Denning) in order to save Phoenix and Malaki,” Bentley said.
2799	He urged them to continue to be law abiding and respect constituted authorities, stressing that “you have no other country, but Nigeria.”
2800	“He wants more football at the highest level so we are having conversations and discussing the possibility of him staying for the second part of the season.”
2801	He wants to keep his "secret Santa" identity, well, secret and not be seen as seeking recognition.
2802	He was able to escape in the middle of the night, and made it to Gaillac, in the unoccupied area of France, where his aunt, uncle and cousins lived.
2803	He was admitted to a hospital the next day for mental treatment and was not formally charged, the AP reports.
2804	He was a father to Steve, Mike and Jodie Pace.
2805	He was an active member of the American Society for Quality.
2806	He was an employee of Allison Gas Turbine, a Division of General Motors in Indianapolis, retiring after 30 years.
2807	He was arrested on Long Island February 2 on an unrelated charge and reportedly told police "I'm going to leave this country, and I'm going to come back with an Army - Islam is coming," according to a federal court complaint.
2808	He was a truck driver with Nicholson Trucking.
2809	He was branded as a man-child who was unable to control his emotions by a Judge who described his behaviour as despicable.
2810	He was declared at a Grade 5 health rating and subsequently became exempt from military duty.
2811	He was found guilty of felon in possession of a firearm and will be sentenced later this month on that count.
2812	“He was just an incredible person,” said Stacey Stevens.
2813	He was last seen leaving the residence and going Westbound on State Road 64.
2814	He was last seen wearing long shorts, runners and a dark t-shirt.
2815	He was later charged with attempted murder, assault with a weapon, and possession of stolen property.
2816	He was later convinced by police to leave the home peacefully and was arrested without incident.
2817	He was later fired from the NIA, and later recycled to the NDEA.
2818	He was like any other kid.
2819	He was listed at No. 42.
2820	He was not wearing a seat belt, according the KHP.
2821	He was official wedding photographer to The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as well as other international figures including Michael Jackson and Lucian Freud.
2822	He was partially pinned by the vehicle.”
2823	He was pronounced dead while receiving medical attention at the Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC).
2824	He was remanded to jail.
2825	“He was riding a bicycle in an area where I rode a bicycle as a child, so that touched my heart to want to make sure that we bring authorities together,” Allen said.
2826	He was rushed to hospital with serious injuries and later died, police said Thursday morning.
2827	He was seen walking to Dago Creek near the community.
2828	He was taken to John Peter Smith Hospital, where he was pronounced dead about an hour later, according to the Tarrant County medical examiner’s office.
2829	He was taken to Torrance P.D. for booking and served with trespassing notice stating he is not allowed to return to campus for 14 days or he will be arrested.
2830	He was the driver of a jeep that crashed into a tree on Curragh Road in Coleraine at around 3pm this afternoon.
2831	He was the first president and a hero of the revolutionary war, and the ceremony captured the national fervor after winning independence.
2832	He went 5 2/3 innings giving up two earned runs on eight hits and on strikeout.
2833	He went out another door, right onto the street.
2834	He will be joined in an all-Mercedes front row by Bottas, who was pipped at the death.
2835	He will be re-evaluated in Sao Paulo and after we’ll tell you what will be done.”
2836	He will be reprising his role of Kylo Ren in Star Wars: The Last Jedi, which will open in theaters on December 15, 2017.
2837	“He will be sorely missed across the battalion and our thoughts and prayers go out to Ashley’s family and fiancée.
2838	He will be tried twice in this Dunia and in the hereafter.
2839	He will stop himself when decides to smoke pot again.
2840	He will walk away from the White House as a key force behind Trump's impulses to make racially divisive remarks and fan nationalist and ethnic tensions, most recently Trump’s comments on the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
2841	Hewitt, who was recently appointed as the Australian Davis Cup captain, related more to what Kyrgios has been going through.
2842	He won’t be able to stand not knowing what was said about him, and who said it.
2843	He worked in the IT Department at Forward Air.
2844	He would actually BE James Bond for the many small boys who went up and asked him for his autograph, and he loved working for Unicef and animal rights charities, something he was actually far more proud of than any of his acting roles.
2845	He would also come at a pretty good price.
2846	He wowed the internet after being filmed saluting alongside a soldier at the Changing of the Guard on his fourth birthday.
2847	Hey Trump can perform free medical exams too.
2848	High vegetation cover was found in both low and high income neighborhoods, but its impact on mosquito abundance differed.
2849	Hillel Kogan offers a Gaga People master class on June 10 at 1 p.m. Learn more at spoletousa.
2850	Him being hot tempered is negated by the soft spot in his heart by crying everytime he remembers his mother.
2851	Hiranandani could not be reached for comment.
2852	His 500,000 followers now belonged to another hacker who used the account to advertise sports cars.
2853	His animation for their song "Time" is on Pink Floyd's Pulse DVD.
2854	His attorney has not responded to our multiple requests for comment.
2855	His body was handed over to parents at 10.30 p.m. Post mortem is not conducted in such cases unless it is a medico-legal case.”
2856	His books include “Phishing for Phools: The Economics of Manipulation and Deception.”
2857	His carbon tax will be returned to the taxpayers, all of it.
2858	His chances of missing the sweet spot were negligible when he hit through the line, but he also showed finesse glancing debutant Mohammed Siraj through his legs in the 15th over and paddling him fine in the 17th.
2859	"His commitment to the team and his career saw him continuing to save lives, even while fighting for his own.
2860	His composing started in 1968 as an assignment in his arranging class where he was instructed to harmonize the piece the way J.S. Bach would have.
2861	His detractors accuse him of excessive charm, but it may be more accurate to say that he edits brutality from his world view.
2862	His early education prepared him to observe life beyond civilization.
2863	His Facebook post has been shared over 100,000 times.
2864	“His family was unable to visit him during this critical time because they faced a very real risk of imprisonment themselves under the UAE’s cybercrime laws which forbid criticism of the government.
2865	His father was a member of Operating Engineers Local 3 and his mother belonged to General Warehouse and Food Processors Union Local 644 of the Teamsters.
2866	His Foundation will pay it.
2867	His full term would end January 2019.
2868	His her heart riding invited this Bobby Allison Tampa's Jeff 09 elevenths has Bill Elliott and his twelfth position right now is Jody Ridley then comes.
2869	His honest responses, echoing what his supporters think but which a president should dare not say.
2870	His killer shot him to the back of his head and the forehead.
2871	His later forecast stated “the outlook for the budget balance has deteriorated” and concluded “Ontario’s budget would be expected to remain in deficit over the next five years.”
2872	His longevity database shows that all over the world and as far back as records have been kept, women outlive men by around five or six years.
2873	His lyrics, and Holliday’s take on it, decried the lynchings and unfettered racist activity taking place in the American South.
2874	His Mitsubishi engine purred along.
2875	His most talked-about proposal is a 750 euros ($800) “universal income” that would be gradually granted to all adults.
2876	His mother-in-law paused on her way out the door, as if something had belatedly occurred to her.
2877	His neighbors likely hope he finds a different way to express himself in the future.
2878	“His parents assumed i was gay.
2879	“His parents, both 54 years of age, have since been released from hospital, however, his 24 year old girlfriend remains in hospital where medical staff describe her condition as critical.
2880	His point production from one year to the next is up by six, his rebounds are up three or four.
2881	His real name is Mazan Nazhan Ahmed al-Obeidi.
2882	His replacement – impressive 24-year-old rookie Tucker Poolman – was already at hand, watching from the press box as a healthy scratch.
2883	His Royal Highness with the Ambassador of the Republic of Turkey to Brunei Darussalam, Mehmet Suat Akgun.
2884	His service with the division included deployments to Haiti and Somalia.
2885	His sleepy eyes then bumble on a skinny cow grazing into the centre of the ground.
2886	His statement went on to note — as POLITICO's story had said — that the trips in question had included a visit to an emergency management exercise in West Virginia and a flyover of a power line project in Virginia.
2887	His stock was on the rise.
2888	His stutter step and high acceleration when he does choose his direction still gets him quick separation against corners.
2889	His supporters include Alberto Gonzales who served as attorney general under President George W. Bush.
2890	History frowns upon talkative people.
2891	His troubles with chronic pain began back in 1994, which led to his first back surgery.
2892	His uncle discovered the cave on Spring Mountain, near the family's homestead, in 1957.
2893	“His victory would be an important step forward in fighting back against Trump’s reactionary agenda.”
2894	His visit, the first by an Indian prime minister to Israel, was termed by many as de-hyphenation of New Delhi’s ties with the Palestinians.
2895	His words portray an imminent apocalypse that may only be mitigated with aggressive actions by the United States.
2896	Hitler’s generals drew up plans for an invasion of Britain, Operation Sea Lion.
2897	H&M, which made its billions selling trendy, inexpensive fashion, is throwing its weight behind a cause you might not expect.
2898	Hoekstra had come down weeks earlier from Ontario, Canada, where she lives with her two children, with her dress and put it in the wardrobe.
2899	Hoffman makes his par too, after leaving himself a tricky three footer which, under the circumstances, he does very well to convert.
2900	Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel noted, “We must take sides.
2901	Holy shiat, it was a ton of fun.
2902	Home » Latest News » Sports » Other Sports » NCAA Basketball » Illinois fires coach John…
2903	Home sales have also been in great shape.
2904	Honestly, how does anyone who’s spent any time in government not KNOW THAT?
2905	Honestly, I don’t even know how you can claim to be a good-things-liker if you are not pickling some vegetal foodstuffs literally right this second.
2906	“Honestly, I love tinkering with junk.
2907	Honey Cabral, secretary, Karnataka Christian Education Society, said that when the prasanga was first released in 1976 there was curiosity among people how the character of Satan would be showcased.
2908	Hopefully he can make our society a better place, not worse," Bakari could be heard saying.
2909	Hopefully, it will be resolved next week”, Mr. Ughamadu added.
2910	Hopefully, the tension brings out the best in the boys.
2911	Hopefully, this has cushioned the effects of the disaster on victims especially those in dire need of food, matrasses and blankets.”
2912	Hopefully we will find a good blend.”
2913	Hopkins lived as well as worked there, as CYO director.
2914	Horstman (126 pounds) held a slim 4-2 lead late in the match and, while fending off Conde, added two more with a takedown to go 3-0 on the day.
2915	Horta Osório said: "The changes we are announcing today are fundamental to prepare the group for the next phase of its transformation under our upcoming strategic plan for the period 2018 to 2020.
2916	Hoss, is the OWNERS yuh send she to meet with inno, not the employees.
2917	Hotels as far away as Atlanta have filled up with evacuees.
2918	Hot metal type.
2919	Hours after lashing out at the protesters, he mellowed down and somewhat changed his tone.
2920	Hours are lunch Mon.
2921	House Bill 2448 was approved by the Transportation Committee in a contested 5-4 vote and now moves to the full House.
2922	House Democrats want to see a standalone DACA fix this month, House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) told reporters Tuesday.
2923	House Education Committee Chairman John “Bam” Carney says his bill paving the way for public charter schools to open in Kentucky could be heard by his committee on Thursday.
2924	House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) sits in the Rayburn House Office Building on Capitol Hill March 19, 2015 in Washington, DC.
2925	House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) declared Tuesday that Republicans plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare "concurrently."
2926	Housing is somewhere further down the list.
2927	Houston police seem worried about looters and those masquerading as police going door to door to tell residents to evacuate.
2928	How about Courchevel?
2929	“How can I declare inventory for these,” he asks.
2930	How can I keep a healthy colon - Constipation QuestionIt looks like you have javascript turned off.
2931	How can they trust a government that has still not released or acted on the SGF’s grass cutter contract probe after six months?
2932	How come it took me a year to fit back into my pre baby jeans?
2933	How could you say no to people who you don’t even know?”
2934	How did we get from that Zuma fellow to this: lefty economic porn?
2935	How did you choose your writers, and what did you ask for them when you were putting together the series?
2936	How do I protect my mental health while I’m waiting it out?
2937	How do we show our support?
2938	How do you expect them to go back to school?" she said.
2939	How do you find that?’
2940	Howe notes in a later tweet that Lynch signing with the Patriots is a long shot, but is a situation worth monitoring this offseason.
2941	However, all indications are that Mr Odinga’s focus is elsewhere.
2942	However, as the files are 42-megapixels they're huge enough to often hide the presence of image noise if the output size isn't too large.
2943	However, as we celebrate this enviable milestone of freedom and justice, let’s remind ourselves of a few of our great achievements.
2944	However, Augie clearly saw something in the Tampa native, as Kennedy had 17 appearances.
2945	However, BART loses an estimated 15 to 25 million dollars a year from people who ride and don’t pay.
2946	However, bitterness is no guide to a way forward.
2947	However, charged rhetoric is quite different from the brutal purging of political rivals or the disbanding of personal liberties, all in the name of “security of the state!”
2948	However, Chico had too many open, uncontested looks and the shooters weren’t forced to stray from their comfort zone shooting the basketball from Humboldt’s defense.
2949	However, contamination of maize by aflatoxins, a type of mycotoxin in maize production is a major concern to Businesses, Government and the International Community because high content of mycotoxin in food renders it unsafe for consumption.
2950	However, even music composer Harris Jayaraj has copied the music of the popular Tamil track from Tony Fadd's Fetty Wap - Trap Queen music video.
2951	However, federal prosecutors think they have an idea who was responsible.
2952	However, foreign investors have been net sellers to the tune of 798.5 million rupees so far this year.
2953	However, he finally got the chance to go in 2016.
2954	However he had to see this coming.
2955	However, in terms of the question itself, I don’t think it is as simple as pitting women against each other.
2956	However, I soon left the job in pursuit of greener pastures and landed in Kollywood,” he says.
2957	However, it is also very easy to make at home.
2958	However, it only recently appeared in the source material when Deathstroke (the planned lead villain in The Batman) got his hands on it.
2959	“However, it will probably require another year or two of development before this missile can reliably and accurately hit high-value continental U.S. targets, particularly if fired under wartime conditions,” he said.
2960	However it would still seem a long shot to see Oasis fully reunited at the festival, given Liam Gallagher is performing solo in Spain in July.
2961	However, Kang was not able to secure a work visa and would not take the field for the Pirates at all in 2017.
2962	However, milk production is not necessarily decreasing.
2963	However Morocco went beyond the required with a comfortable win in Abidjan.
2964	However, Mr. Shettar’s demand was countered by Law Minister T. B. Jayachandra, who maintained that it was not at all an issue of “public importance” which merits an adjournment motion.
2965	However, North Dakota is also home to the most unequal metro area in the country in terms of wealth distribution.
2966	However, note that the company uses an aggressive non-GAAP measure that adds back depreciation and amortization to arrive at non-GAAP income.
2967	However, she has been criticized for an ordinance passed in 2008 that criminalized panhandling.
2968	However, she is likely to enter the industry with some other movie.
2969	However, she noted that Rombo district wasn't facing any food shortage; so there was no point for trucks to be carrying such huge amount of grains to the district.
2970	However, staff were unavailable to guide users to navigate the machine.
2971	However, state school funding has not kept up with the needs of our students over the last 15 years.
2972	''However, that depends on the shipping profile between now and end of June,'' Mr Brown said yesterday.
2973	However, that seems to be working well for Pruitt in Trump Washington.
2974	However, the AQI continues to be “very poor” and PM 2.5 level is almost 4-5 times the prescribed limit.
2975	However, the Congress failed to assess the aspirations of the emerging India, just as it failed to address effectively issues such as farmers’ distress, unemployment and urban migration.
2976	However, the dust between the stars gets in the way, making the work challenging.
2977	However, the offense couldn’t take advantage of the short field and kicker Bowan Jones couldn’t connect on a 27-yard field goal attempt.
2978	However, the plan hatched by Ms Jolie and Ocampo never materialised.
2979	However, the prime minister said it was “not the right way forward” to make a unilateral declaration preserving their rights when UK nationals in the rest of the EU have no such assurances yet.
2980	However, there are men who understand and respect the needs of their non-straight partners.
2981	However there has been research suggesting that teenagers tend to have a shifted circadian rhythm resulting in their having difficulty in getting to sleep at night and waking up in the morning.
2982	However, there hasn't been official announcement from Fox about the casting.
2983	However, there’s just one issue: he won’t be champion for long.
2984	However, the teamless quarterback isn't the first celeb to flaunt his butt cheeks.
2985	However, the trial judge in Fattah's case noted that Fattah had sought an ambassadorship for a friend who gave him money and put his girlfriend on the payroll in a "low-show" job.
2986	However, those readings are only taken at the surface level.
2987	However voters vote, the ideas Reynolds brings are Very Simple!
2988	However, we have done a parsnip ice-cream in the past as a special request.
2989	However, we should not be hasty in making any conclusions.
2990	However, when the Commission's head of Public Affairs was contacted for comment, Mr. Joseph Nyesuah said Stewart's claim is just a "big distraction".
2991	How have these experiences nourished your work?
2992	How in particular does a Jesuit brother, and an MIT graduate with a PhD in planetary science, make sense of his Catholicism?
2993	How is the wider art market performing?
2994	How long can the Senate or Congress detain a person in contempt?
2995	How many people he rob already and give them gun butt?
2996	How many times should one condemn these despicable acts if you are not going to listen.
2997	How might we apply this to the election?
2998	How often do you stop and look the sculptures littered around the city of London?
2999	How, please tell me, is pointing out that being rude to a paying customer xenophobic?
3000	How serious were these imperfections?
3001	“How’s this suit look?” he laughed.
3002	How the Dodgers Won World Series Game 1, Inning by Inning - The New York TimesNYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier.
3003	How the UK media reacted to the Lions win last night.
3004	How the West can be able to change its political moral and regards towards Russia?
3005	How to select and start a specific exercise on your Fitbit Charge 2: Push the button on the left of your Fitbit Charge 2 until you get to the exercise option, which will be Run by default unless you change it.
3006	How to spot a card skimmer - The Greenville County Sheriff's Office has a warning about skimmers stealing credit and debit card information from ATM's and gas pumps.
3007	How will it inquire into the truth of generalised allegations by Mr Voller, even though they are virtually impossible to investigate? she asked.
3008	How will Our Gang deal with a show that blew critics away with a magnificent set and more magical special effects than a David Copperfield extravaganza?
3009	HRW also said expanding the military's legal authority opened the door to increased human rights violations against civilians, "who have long been targets of military abuses".
3010	Hu Chunhua is nicknamed “Little Hu,” reflecting his long mentor-protégé relationship (paywall) with Hu Jintao.
3011	Hudson Canyon Investment Counselors LLC acquired a new position in Apache during the third quarter worth $1,046,000.
3012	Huffington Post 5 hours ago - PoliticsAlso reported by •Billboard.com •USATODAY.
3013	“Huh?” her boss says, totally engrossed in conversation with another white male co-worker.
3014	Hulk Hogan receives a standing ovation postmatch but walks out in a huff without embracing the ovation.
3015	Humans are made up of trillions of eukaryotic cells, which first appeared in the fossil record around 2.5 billion years ago.
3016	Hurney said he will have full authority over personnel decisions this season, and won’t have to run them by Richardson.
3017	Hussein said that when the August 27 attack began, he and the other villagers fled into the hills.
3018	Hutchinson said he believed the funding fight over the program, dubbed Arkansas Works, is behind lawmakers.
3019	Hwang said 626 still doesn't promote the events.
3020	Hydrogen Cyanide Market report provides key statistics on the market status of the Hydrogen Cyanide Manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the Hydrogen Cyanide Industry.
3021	I-15 throughout eastern Idaho will be congested from now through next Wednesday.
3022	“I accept your guilty plea,” responded Judge Rudolph Contreras, adding: “There will be no trial and there will be probably no appeal.”
3023	I agreed to do it if my aunt could be in the room – but she wasn’t allowed in the room when they gave the electric shock because it is so traumatic for loved ones.
3024	I agree with you but that leads me to this lesson from my mama many years ago don’t think your enemy is stupid because they are your enemy why why did they think they could get away with it?
3025	I almost feel bad that the people to have that representation of a governor.”
3026	I also had a cold.
3027	I also had a friend land hi helicopter in the back yard and drop off a pizza but my neighbor who ate the pizza will not admit it ever happened.
3028	I also think that the UK’s ability to demonstrate modern and forward thinking society where people from all sorts of walks of life are treated the same, may be also affected.
3029	I always sculpt the face in clay,” Hilton Moore said, adding that the figure is then cast in bronze.
3030	“I am also in good books with Carlton’s wife who I hang with doing errands,” she said.
3031	“I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it,” he tweeted.
3032	“I am at a loss,” “Kim Jong-Un” apparently concluded in his native tongue.
3033	“I am glad to have a sense of why that might have been happening.
3034	“I am going to push the administration to come up with a multi-year plan to fix and pave all the streets,” he said.
3035	“I am honored to have the opportunity to represent the Spencerville baseball program as the varsity coach.
3036	"I am in Greece visiting my mother so today it has been kind of surreal to keep up with," he wrote on Monday.
3037	I am not going to reiterate any of the points my colleagues made regarding the ethical inconsistencies and consequences of implementing the current Financial Stabilization Plan.
3038	"I am the Gatekeeper," he insists.
3039	I am typically an anxious person, but being physically close to the possibility of destruction taught me the importance of the present.
3040	“I am very pleased that the World Bank has taken on with such zeal projects like these, which are not just about lending us some money for budget support, but coming into our rural communities to work with our farmers, to create wealth,” Mr. Shaw said.
3041	“I am writing to plead with my colleagues to stand firm for the academy’s millennia-old commitment to freedom of speech, freedom of expression, freedom of inquiry, and freedom of thought.
3042	I apologize my fellow gambians.
3043	I appealed for at least 45 minutes on the phone and I even offered to see him immediately he said he is not at work and she will be charged to court on Monday and that was his final position.
3044	I appreciate the Karyakartas for their effort.
3045	I attended Merchant of Light Secondary school in Oba and I graduated in 1996.
3046	"I basically just rearranged the components to accommodate the screen," he wrote in the description.
3047	I became a Noddy groupie with a Noddy costume, and I was taken to see the Noddy stage show at Christmas, which was the highlight of my year.’
3048	"I believe a strong case can be made that The Times was too timid in its decisions not to publish the material it had," Spayd wrote in January.
3049	“I believe in Elie’s famous plea that ‘for the dead and the living we must bear witness.'
3050	I believe in the Foreign Service, and I think he is undervaluing the service.
3051	I believe that as women there is something deep within that connects us.
3052	I believe that this was the right thing to do.
3053	I believe the Senate should do the same, with a simple majority of the Senate,” McCarthy told reporters at the GOP leadership press conference.
3054	“I believe these things can be done,’’ Kalu said.
3055	I blacked out,” the report stated.
3056	“I bought bricks for my retaining wall and I did that for a month.”
3057	I bought my first ever Vikings jersey, I put on my Vikings hat, and I made the drive down.
3058	I brace myself for some serious squashing and squishing as Dr Bramati starts to manipulate my mid-section.
3059	“I brought some money from Myanmar, which I changed for 500 taka,” Kashim says.
3060	IBTimes UK understands there is no recall clause in Januzaj's loan deal on Wearside.
3061	“I came out to make a stand for my people.
3062	I can beat her.
3063	I can disable him permanently with a wafer-thin mint.
3064	I can drink and one time I had 8 “colly beers” and I almost died.
3065	I can never go to APC.”
3066	I can relate to Charlie Jaffey.
3067	I can relate to that response because we’re talking about something truly awful, far too common and extremely serious.
3068	I can see most Zimbabweans are very immature in politics.
3069	"I can't blame him.
3070	I can't control it.
3071	"I can tell you, in general, that the President is committed to delivering a forward-looking speech that will examine briefly the significant progress that our country has made in the last eight years," he told reporters during a briefing on Monday.
3072	“I can’t let him get comfortable from the 3 because once he sees a couple go in, then he’s tough to guard,” Tate said.
3073	I can’t talk about anything else than movies.
3074	I can't wait for a volcano to blow or an earthquake to happen and the ensuing tidal wave to wipe it off the map.
3075	"I characterize it as a victory.
3076	I circled past the Christophe Clement barn, who I must admit, I lost a little respect for after seeing a particular training method he was using, as well as Bruce Levine’s and James Ryerson’s barns as I made my way towards the Whitney Viewing Stand.
3077	I clicked the link.
3078	I come here, try to work hard, and just be the player they think I can be.
3079	I commend Oakland and Kansas City for holding the top 2 spots.
3080	Icons, from the Peace Corps' first director, Sargent Shriver, through John and Ted Kennedy, were fond of saying: "It's better to send in the Peace Corps, than the Marine Corps."
3081	I could kill my kids,” she said.
3082	I could stroll in after work and enjoy a nice plate of : scrambled eggs mixed with lime-braised shredded beef, tomatoes and onion.
3083	I cringe every time a call comes in for that stretch of road."
3084	I’d be afraid of going all Syd Barrett considering my personal and family history.
3085	I’d built it up into this picture perfect idealism but now we had autism in our house, most of it was never going to be possible.
3086	I descended from a long line of good Catholics but it just didn’t take.
3087	“I designed this system, laid it out and supervised the grader operator.”
3088	I’d heard of some of the good work that they had done around helping ex-offenders back into work.
3089	"I did not have any normal TB symptoms - no cough or night sweats.
3090	I did not know because I did not need to.
3091	"I didn't feel it was insincere," she said.
3092	I didn’t go into law to make money.
3093	“I didn’t know those were symptoms of Parkinson’s,” she said.
3094	I didn’t learn about the concept of “enabling” or being the family scapegoat until I was taking Educational Psychology in college.
3095	I discovered unbelievable ignorance (when it comes to non-Orthodox Judaism).
3096	I’d like to say that I felt bad for getting an award I didn’t technically deserve.
3097	I'd like to think that in newspaper offices everywhere, reporters and editors are in the middle of projects like those.
3098	"I'd love to know that something like that meant something to someone who meant so much to me."
3099	I’d move on the boulder mid-flight and die instantly.
3100	I do not think North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear missile although they have both key sections of the puzzle solved (the weaponry and the delivery system) it does not seem they have them integrated yet.
3101	"I don't always drink water," Noah said, mocking Trump, "but when I do, I look super weird."
3102	“I don’t claim any superior experience or skills other than the grace of God,” he added.
3103	I don’t even remember seeing her before she slammed me into the metal lockers and began chewing me out before my ears stopped ringing.
3104	I don’t get the Bellas’ appeal either.
3105	I don't have another job lined up.
3106	I don’t have to do any more planning or prioritizing after this— my mental horsepower for the rest of the week is dedicated to creating value, not keeping balls in the air.
3107	I don't have to work until later today, but I do have a bunch of housework stuffs to do.
3108	I don’t know if there’s been a good one since Pierre Salinger.
3109	I don’t know if we can get that in this day and age.
3110	“I don’t need you to take care of me.”
3111	“I don’t remember too many home runs I gave up, but even then, you knew how good he we gonna be,” Sheffield said.
3112	I don’t take security, you provide me,” the AIMIM chief said in another tweet.
3113	I don't think it applies to everybody, and I don't think a lot of people can do it.”
3114	I don’t think it’s any coincidence that some of the folks who worked on the Minerva’s Den expansion in the sequel went on to make Gone Home, which is basically the good part of BioShock’s mechanics divorced from murder-death-kill.
3115	I don't think it's fair to expect your relatives to make a special effort to keep you in the loop.
3116	I don’t think it will deter anybody but it makes them think more how they are going to handle it and maybe Segura gets to face a few more lefties because of it.”
3117	“I don’t think we should kill the community standards here in these rural areas.
3118	"I don't understand what Okorocha wants us to do, because right now, I have lost all the materials I have in my shop, because before I came they had broken it open and looted the goods and I have just restocked it.
3119	I don’t usually go to the same place twice.
3120	I don’t wanna be a movie star.
3121	I don't want him on the show."
3122	I don't want to be like some of those athletes who go on too long and everyone ends up saying, 'He should have retired years ago.'
3123	I don’t want to give you more.
3124	“I don’t want to give you my game plan,” laughed one shopper.
3125	I don’t want to hurt her or lose her friendship, but I dread spending time with her.
3126	“I don’t want to shoot you.
3127	I don’t watch any of today’s product.
3128	I don’t write professionally anymore,” and he just got grumpy and hung up the phone.
3129	'I do struggle with the language and driving on the wrong side of the road was a problem,' Ranocchia told GianlucaDiMarzio.
3130	“I do think that it’s awesome and very important for service industry employees just because you should have the right to choose,” Wurst Beer Garden Owner Joshua Wells said.
3131	I do think that there are companies trying to game the system with H-1B workers, but then people start to think that everyone is doing that — people like my husband and I who genuinely want to contribute to the economy.
3132	I’d rather not say who she was, but, damn, I was grateful to her.
3133	“I’d really love to explore that.”
3134	“I drive back and forth from New York City, so it’s 180 miles each way,” said Jeff Dvorak of Buckland.
3135	I emphasize because these are extremely practical commandments that are easy to understand and easy to follow – if you have faith.”
3136	Ieng Sophalleth, spokesman for Prime Minister Hun Sen told reporters after the meeting that Zhang Li had unveiled the investment deal he had made with Kith Meng, president of Royal Group Cambodia and who is also president of Cambodia Chamber of Commerce.
3137	IeSF secretary general Alex Lim told in June that the organisation still sees Ashgabat 2017 as a good platform to showcase esports.
3138	If a good performance means I put pressure on other people, then great.
3139	If a guy is sincerely working on a “second chance,” fine, let that mostly linger in the background and write about how he plays, but I’m not gonna get all Brent Musburgery about how great it is that he’s overcoming adversity, or any of that crap.
3140	If aid funding and deliveries are not immediately scaled up we should expect to see children facing a catastrophe and starvation and migration to find food on a massive scale.”
3141	If anybody is found guilty of smuggling products out of the country or to any unauthorised locations within the country, even if they are our members, we would not only disown them, we will also expose them,” Mr. Bataiya vowed.
3142	If any man tries to touch you or grab you at any market just embarrass him by screaming "".
3143	If anyone spots a bear in the area of Herkimer College or the surrounding community, please contact proper officials.
3144	"If anything, this decision should give the Senate more motivation to fulfill their promise to the American people and get a health care bill done,” House Budget Committee spokesman Chris Hartline said in a statement to POLITICO.
3145	If being lax about enforcing the laws isn’t enough, the administration has been pushing for businesses to be writing them, too.
3146	If both are clean then a cold sore can't occur?
3147	If China becomes even more directly aggressive over the Senkaku islands, it will put Trump on the spot.
3148	"If Congress truly wants to fix a broken system, we need to understand the scope of the problem," he said in a statement.
3149	I feel great,” Solo said.
3150	I feel like I’m getting there.
3151	I feel like I’ve tapped into myself as an artist.
3152	“I feel really heartbroken, I personally have people affected who were going to apply for college and now are uncertain of what the future holds for them,” freshman Karina Valenzuela said.
3153	I feel strongly that people – especially women – must educate themselves to better understand what’s happening around them so they can care for and protect themselves and their children.
3154	“I felt like she was playing pretty well today.
3155	“I felt stronger at that point.
3156	If everything goes according to her business plan, the store will be breaking even a year and a half after it opens.
3157	If every time you take a breath of air, only 39% of the oxygen is delivered to your lungs where it is then delivered immediately to your bloodstream.
3158	If Finneran wavered, the group still had one strong ally, Tom Birmingham, the Senate president, who had been a big supporter of Kraft’s failed stadium deal.
3159	If government remains dormant on the positive side, the opposition would step in with the negatives and create a lot of misinformation and deliberate falsehood; thus leaving government to be struggling to extricate itself.
3160	If Hemsky can chip in some goals it will help, but most of the improvement could come from players they already had.
3161	If he shut his eyes, for a fleeting moment, he was shaken back into reality by Pat Cummins’ shriek, than an appeal, for a caught behind.
3162	“If hundreds of thousands of immigrants stayed home from work, New York City would shut down,” said Thanu Yakupitiyage, senior communications manager for the New York Immigration Coalition.
3163	If I can take a vote or two doing that, that’s more satisfying than being a commentator.”
3164	If I do not speak well, there are ten behind me who do.
3165	If I go up to a light switch and turn on the light switch, the light comes on, no one freaks out.
3166	If I had stopped we would have lost him as he would have run into a shop and removed his jacking and blended in the crowd.”
3167	If I look at your CV I remember the very good old days when you were at ECG and indeed you earned the name Mr affordable, I don't know whether you still use that name.
3168	I find it about as freakish as the notion that assaultive behavior can ever be a one-time thing.
3169	I find that the less people really know about the poor, the more likely they are to harbor Shylockian stereotypes of people who do business with the poor, as if doing business with the poor is what makes them poor.
3170	"I finish the game and I'm destroyed.
3171	If insufficient income is an issue, hit up of our website, where you’ll find stories like “50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 (or Lots More!
3172	If it doesn’t and Comey is willing to sit quietly as this chaos plays out without correcting the record until he eventually testifies, he’s going to destroy the credibility he needs to win a “whom do you believe?” contest with Trump.
3173	If it doesn’t win, the whole competition’s a farce.
3174	If it’s already here and people are making money from it, why shouldn’t New Jersey?
3175	"If it's a man who's trying to renew a woman's permit and there's a big age discrepancy, you know there's certain ways we can check on things."
3176	If last year had been played under such rules, the playoffs would have looked different, as Tampa Bay’s late loss to the Raiders would have ended in a tie, and would have put the Bucs in the postseason instead of the Lions.
3177	If, like me, you knew almost nothing about the republic of Georgia, you’ll know a lot more after you’ve listened to Christina Nicol.
3178	If Lynch isn’t working to the best of his ability, it puts Joseph in an easy position.
3179	“If Mark’s matter is such a serious matter why has it taken more than a year for Eskom to deal with it?
3180	If musicals are all about feeling good, “Hairspray” is a double-dipped cone with sprinkles on top.
3181	If Nadal had won, there’s a debate to be had that the Spaniard is right at the top of the list but Federer came through his ultimate history-proving acid test, when age, injury and lack of tennis matches were very much against him.
3182	If Navistar had wanted to appeal, then pay the members the minimum required and then appeal.”
3183	If none of this ever came to pass, would languish from disuse.
3184	If one sets their expectations low enough, they’ll never be disappointed.
3185	If one type of patient gets more, another gets less.
3186	“If only it also tasted any good.”
3187	I found out my family may have owned slaves because my father was on a bus talking to a black woman.
3188	If Our Revolution has its way, a similar situation will someday prevail on the liberal-left side.
3189	If people read your blog and expect there to be something, they will be sad and annoyed.
3190	“If people say ‘we aren’t going to buy this product anymore and neither should you’, it will affect their sales,” she said.
3191	If recent history is any indication, the district attorney’s office likely won’t prosecute a good chunk of the disorderly conduct charges against demonstrators who don’t have extensive records.
3192	I frequently used the Velcro pocket when I wanted to store my accessories and make sure they wouldn’t fall out, or if wanted store things I really didn’t want to lose, like my Apple Lightning-to-3.5mm adapter.
3193	"If she was here she would laugh and say she's proud of me, she's proud of everything I've been doing," said Arroyo's son, Kenneth Robles.
3194	If so, I have some help.
3195	If somebody thinks about his own community, forgetting the other communities, this country cannot be built as a prosperous and peaceful country.
3196	If someone decides not to hire her for her Facebook post, she says, it will save both her and her employer from a bad fit.
3197	“If switching is so easy for customers, and the companies are viewed as comparable today – even though Uber is 10x bigger – then it is game over for this ‘market clout’ concept.
3198	If the board does not pass this on Tuesday the redistricting will not happen.
3199	If the centers become traps for migrants, some charities will shut down their operations, and the migrants themselves won’t go to them anymore,” Gueguen said.
3200	If the difference is small, consider whether or not you really need to attend grad school.
3201	If the Dirtbags can perform like they did in 2017 against the top quality teams on the slate this year, another exciting post season will be a strong possibility.
3202	If the fluid isn’t managed, it can build up, then spread to the stomach and sit beneath your lungs, which reduces their ability to expand and makes you short of breath.
3203	“If the ‘material’ becomes integrated” into interpretations of Marx’s system, Saito argues, his “texts open the way to ecology without much difficulty” (262).
3204	If the producer tells me I should change 20 points in the film, I say I will change 10 of them, but not all 20 of them,” he says.
3205	If there are people who want President Museveni and Kizza Besigye to meet and talk, let them say so and make known the issues they want to present to the President," he wrote.
3206	If there is a positive that we can take from this tragedy, it is that soon the Navajo Nation will have a communications system in place that will make it possible to issue an Amber Alert.
3207	If there is N1 million sitting in an account somewhere, it shouldn’t be going to Yung6ix.
3208	“If there isn’t an agreement with the DUP, are the DUP going to bring down a Conservative government in order to bring in Mr Corbyn, who has a certain relationship with the IRA in the past?
3209	If there is one thing Adam wants people to know about security guards, it’s that they are much more valuable in society than they are given credit for.
3210	'If the ship (pictured) needed to quickly move to avoid an unexpected navigational hazard, we rely on these tests to understand how our ship would perform'
3211	If the staunch left voters of Roubaix are anything to go by, however, it will be a question of holding their nose and doing their duty – a far cry from the excitement generated all those years ago by Tony Blair on the other side of the Channel.
3212	If they can point to some emails they sent Trump Jr. saying, “That is wrong” or “a bad idea,” or, “Hey, it’s a crime, don’t do it,” that could exculpate them.
3213	If they fail to comply, the companies face fines of up to $777,300 if prosecuted in court.
3214	If they were tanking, they would leave Eli in!
3215	If this passes, the next protest in Memphis is going to look like a live reenactment of Frogger.
3216	If Trump follows that pattern, he could end up with an approval rating in the high 30s — perilous territory for congressional candidates running in swing districts.
3217	If Trump intends to make America great, he needs to become the person we all need, and not just a man for the interests of mega wealthy white men.
3218	If Trump’s comments are racist and dangerous, which they are, there is an alternative to vote for.
3219	If unchecked or undeterred at this stage, children may grow up thinking they are on the right track.
3220	If users do their part, this park will remain for many years.
3221	If we do get a third season, I think it could be fun to be a writer on the show.
3222	“If we don’t get healthcare, none of us are coming back,” he said in a brief interview.
3223	“If we don’t keep iodine level properly, we’ll have 13% of Nigerian children mentally deformed,” Prof. Oguntona said at the weekend in Lagos at a one-day Nutrition Symposium on: “‘Malnutrition, Child Development and the Media.”
3224	If we had a dad like LaVar Ball growing up as children, nothing in this world would have seemed impossible, unimaginable or unattainable.
3225	"If we let our kids play on this piece of destruction, our little girls and our little boys are going to say, 'Mom, what is this?" one woman told 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
3226	“If we like them and can make them work, then we will.”
3227	"If we reduce the courts to a body that just confirms whatever aspirations that government has, then the judiciary will not be seen as independent.
3228	If we see continued improvement, the dividend will not only remain constant, it could be hiked again.
3229	If we were to do so, it would suggest that there are more than 50 million owners of these smart speaker/virtual assistants in the US today.
3230	If whoever needed something so badly all they had to do was ask her but to do something like this – it’s ugly, it’s ignorant, it’s unnecessary.”
3231	“If women can wear skirts/dresses at work can I wear smart shorts like so?” he wrote in a tweet.
3232	If you are a liter I'd gift you Total Fark for that one.
3233	If you are always trying to be normal, you’ll never know how amazing you can be.”
3234	“If you ask me how much we’d like to raise, that would be it.
3235	If you cannot transfer the SMS messages from your Android to iPhone using the previous methods mentioned, you only have an option to export them and transfer them to your iPhone.
3236	If you can take part in activities that have a similar impact on the heart - such as walking up two flights of stairs - without chest pain, then you can usually assume that it is safe to have sex.
3237	If you come for more than one camp, please bring a bag lunch.
3238	If you don’t fix that, then you’re going to have problems downtown forever.”
3239	If you don’t know how to ski or snowboard, that’s fine, but since we’re already at an elevation of 5,280 feet you better get used to winding mountain roads, hiking out of breath and altitude sickness.
3240	If you do turn on a Wi-Fi hotspot feature, you definitely need a VPN to prevent other people from accessing the Internet via your mobile device.
3241	If you fancy embracing your inner Bond, then pick up a bottle of the Premier Grand Cru Classé - as sipped by Daniel Craig in Spectre.
3242	If you get the urge, don’t be shy about telling friends about this newsletter and our call for submissions.
3243	If you go on WeChat and can’t buy a hotel from Agoda like you can buy any other hotel, then the customer is not going to come to us.
3244	If you have a credit card you don’t frequently use, start using it for small utility bill payments.
3245	If you have a database of contacts that you consider unqualified or have deducted as useless you have probably underestimated the power and potential to exponentially grow the number of buyers you have to sell to within your own network.
3246	If you have a question about voting, you can call your county elections office.
3247	If you have some, we suggest that you destroy them,” Flomaton police said.
3248	"If you look at it five years' ago, if you thought of men wearing make-up you'd think of extreme sparkly eyeshadow but today it doesn't have to be like that.
3249	If you need a bed, we don’t care who you are or where you come from.”
3250	“If you paid both out of commissary fund, we could do a 2 percent (raise),” he said.
3251	"If your child is interested in playing a sport, encourage him/her to pursue it.
3252	If you’re an American citizen, then chances are some of your personal details have been exposed in what experts are calling the largest known data leak of its kind.
3253	If you’re asked to send money via a wire transfer, this is a likely scam.
3254	If you’re building a chatbot, it’s important to look at all the metrics, including the individual messages users are sending.
3255	If you recognize him, call Agent Fred Miller at 570-327-7547.
3256	If you're going to do acid please make sure you have a trip-sitter.
3257	If you’re happy together and you have a healthy relationship, the only people who should have a say are you and your partner.
3258	If you’re like most Tesla drivers, you’re looking to balance the amount of time needed to charge with the overall trip.
3259	“If you’re not able to come to any meetings but you’re able to help out every second weekend if we’ve got something on, that’s what you do.
3260	If you're not checking in baggage you, er, had better leave your laptop at home.
3261	"If you're OK with it, if Katy Perry's like whatever, I'm a pop star, I'm OK with this, fine whatever," she added.
3262	“If you’re shopping for a very specific brand name or product, you might want to get notified any time a deal gets posted,” Conway said.
3263	If your ideas make predictions that are borne out by observations or experiments, the community of scientists looks and says, 'That's the right direction to go.'
3264	If you sealed up your genitals with this product, it would allow the blood and tissue to get into the urethra and would cause a lot of UTIs.
3265	“If you succeed,” Watson continued, “you will destroy the Labour Party as an electoral force.
3266	If you think the line between “elite” and “above average” is hard to draw, then the lines between above average and average and between average and below average are even harder to draw.
3267	If you took a pregnancy test (at least 2 to 2 1/2 weeks from the time you had sex) and it was negative, you are not pregnant.
3268	If you've been sleeping on Banks, you're missing out on one of the more interesting voices in modern R&B/pop.
3269	If you’ve just gotten out of school for the day and want to hang out with your friends before you head home, where would you go?
3270	If you want the cheapest flight to Kentucky, you'll have to give up on seeing the Kentucky Derby, because that's in May.
3271	If you want to preserve our environmental laws, you should support this bill, because it places them back within a workable and practical framework.
3272	If you want to rock it, you’ll rock it.
3273	I get a chuckle, it was late, and I went to bed.
3274	“I go back and forth between wanting to be abundantly simple and maddeningly complex,” he said in the past, a sentiment that seems especially relevant to these works.
3275	I got a lot of attention in the first couple years of high school because of my similarities to her.
3276	I got every record they ever made; I read everything about them I could find; I got to see “A Hard Day’s Night” in the wonderful old Screening Room in Lindbergh Plaza.
3277	I got up everyday and cried.
3278	I guess I'm obsessed and infatuated by colour.
3279	“I guess it’s the motherly instinct to take care of their young,” he told CNN.
3280	I guess that is one way to get King the bump without sacrificing Kushida.
3281	I had a blast, a really good time.
3282	I had a hoop in my backyard growing up.
3283	"I had a lot of anxiety.
3284	I had a lot of second cousins and great-aunts and great-uncles, and I used to see them—and be abandoned to their company—at weddings, bar mitzvahs, et cetera.
3285	I had a very vivid dream last night.
3286	“I had met both Mulayam Singh Yadav and Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav over the issue but they did not pay heed to our demands,” he said.
3287	I hadn't had any engineering training before and most of my other classmates -- these are kids who came from private schools and had already been doing robotics.
3288	“I had the feeling that I was just a particle inside this mineral world,” he said.
3289	I had to go to IKEA yesterday to pick up some stuff for moving house.
3290	I had to make it more stronger by playing more matches but I didn’t focus on my ankle and shin and so it was affected,” she said.
3291	I had to use a walker and go to physical therapy.
3292	I have absolutely no right to express myself in a world where others (in this case, Christian hip hop fans) are not free to disagree with me.
3293	I have all the confidence in the world with them out there.
3294	I have an ‘R’ next to my name and right now, this environment would have me not prevail.”
3295	“I have become the second Dhlakama”, he said.
3296	"I have been making glass items since I was 10 years old.
3297	“I have been working hard and will continue to do so to make sure I am in the best possible condition for my return to the pitch,” Ibrahimovic told the club’s official website.
3298	I have changed.
3299	I have chosen not to side with mediocre patriotism in the hope of getting favors from leaders who expend it.
3300	I have got to finish reading before doing calculations.
3301	"I have met a lot of people no longer with us."
3302	“I have never been a fan of the top 10, because at the end of the day if everyone cannot come to a certain level there is no real rejoicing.
3303	“I have no concerns whatsoever with the conduct of the police up to the point of the forced entry into the bathroom,” Loparco said Thursday in a release.
3304	I have no idea what transpired on the set or behind the scenes.
3305	I have not expressed my views on national events for quite a while, but today I cannot but say something.
3306	“I have nothing to declare except my genius.”
3307	I have not looked at them yet.
3308	I haven’t been this involved in my music ever, and it’s such an indescribable feeling.
3309	I have personally experienced the passion with which it is played and supported.
3310	“I have the utmost respect for both of those players,” Lawrie told us.
3311	I have to help far less experienced journalists do a job that I am being denied the opportunity to do, which is frustrating.
3312	I have to say, I love my vanity.
3313	“I heard my boy shout, he had blood all over his hand and his doughnut was on the floor.
3314	I heard of a 20-year-old girl whose dreams were slowly being replaced by nightmares after years of chemotherapy and multiple relapses.
3315	I hear Drumpf knows really good law-talking guys.
3316	I held her tightly with my dick deeply buried in her wet little pussy as my finger massaged her pulsing asshole with tender, circular motions.
3317	I hollered for her to get inside, but I don't think she heard me over the swirling wind.
3318	I hoped this would lead to some more questions about photography, and St. Louis was my first stop.
3319	I hope he put it back up.
3320	I hope my three articles have given you a larger perspective of the musical arts in Ogden, in all their different manifestations.
3321	I hope that there are some highway planners watching this video right now, drooling and doodling at their desks, just for the next powerpoint they can put together showing why Topeka totally needs a diverging diamond interchange.
3322	"I hope this is a single case only," he said.
3323	I hope this is true, but the program faces significant obstacles.
3324	I hope you and your family have had a wonderful holiday season and a great start to 2017.
3325	I hope you put up with my kalokohan,” ayon pa kay Solenn.
3326	“I immediately asked the person who owed money to make a clarification.”
3327	“I just can’t say anything right now about the next ones coming.”
3328	"I just kept thinking about what she would want and that she'd be proud of Harry and I being able to go through it, effectively she was there with us, it felt like she was almost walking along beside us, to get us through it," he said.
3329	I just read the headline to her.
3330	I just tried my best to survive,” she tells The Indian Express on her arrival to the country.
3331	I just want to be drafted, hear my name called and have the opportunity to go play.”
3332	I know I have written about it before, but it always thrills me to remember the hopelessness of the situation and the amazing rescue of the Lord.
3333	"I know people have been talking about that he said, 'Mom, I’m sorry,' and that it should have been a trigger, but we got those calls for years, all the time."
3334	I know sequels were made, and TV shows, and what have you, but the notion of “rebooting” this story, and the original character – a character Brandon gave life to at too high a cost – seems wrong to me.
3335	“I know the veterans players who have been through it before are saying and doing the right things,” head coach Todd McLellan said.
3336	I know we came up short in the end but I can see a lot of improvement from the beginning of the season till now," Owens said.
3337	I know you didn’t read the article.
3338	‘I know you wanted to do more of this and that, but it was a gorgeous dance.’
3339	I know Zombies are incapable of critical reasoning and they are all over this Lai generated post masturbating.
3340	"I learnt kung fu for about four years, and I thought about bringing my own skills into the game.
3341	I like my horses to be laid back.
3342	“I like stories, listening to stories, and this was a story I had more or less lived.”
3343	“I listen to the prediction.
3344	I live in Pennsylvania, but have been following the carriage horse protests around the country.
3345	I’ll bet the next hire is a little more computer savvy, though.
3346	I’ll miss you so much.”
3347	I’ll see if I can remember all those things.
3348	I look up, but there’s no one there.
3349	I lost my conversion chart.
3350	I love all of them and I’m going to miss them.
3351	“I love doing stuff like that,” said Brittain.
3352	“I loved television so much that I wanted to crawl into the TV and live there, which I ended up doing by becoming a television writer,” this week’s cover artist said.
3353	“I love that kid,” Dobie said of Klassen.
3354	I love this show, I was skeptical about this season without Abbie but I like it and it’s refreshing.
3355	I love when someone has a funny story or cool quote.
3356	I love you guys.
3357	Ilyas tells us exactly how she pulled this off while running a 30,000 active patient practice.
3358	I’m 7 years old and I need someone to make my breakfast in the morning before going to school, someone to help me make my homework, someone to make my dinner, someone to give me a kiss before bed.
3359	'I made a run for it and got the front door open and saw the beautiful blue sky and houses, but he got me by the hand and swung me back into the house.
3360	Image copyright AFP Image caption Women form nearly half the electorate in Iran When Iranians go to the polls to choose a new president next Friday, all the names on the ballot paper will be male.
3361	Images, videos, and sound recordings captured in Yellowstone for personal use generally do not require a permit.
3362	Imagine a performer who combined the brazen sexuality of Nicki Minaj and soulful swagger of Amy Winehouse with the fierce, gymnastic energy of Janelle Monáe.
3363	Imagine if.these guys were actually World.
3364	Imagine the thought of any article posted about any player on a Saturday afternoon waiting to pounce.
3365	I’m amazed I didn’t have a heart attack before I had him.
3366	Iman also discussed Post Traumatic Slave Syndrome.
3367	I’m a university student, about to graduate, and my dad wants to buy me a car.
3368	I’m a ‘what have you done for me lately’ guy, so on that basis I’m just going to give the edge over Hunt.
3369	I’m bullish on our country’s scientific and engineering future because more scientists and engineers are multiculturalists, sensitive and empathetic.
3370	I’m, coming in hot.”
3371	I’m confident that the sleep massage that we developed will become an invaluable aid in helping our busy customers get the great night of sleep they need and deserve.”
3372	I'm controlling the tempo.
3373	I’m eager to finish our committee work on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act so full House consideration can begin.”
3374	I mean, if some people are telling you that’s not the direction you should go, I think they’re incorrect.
3375	I mean, if you can seat that Oscar dinner, you can deal with North Korea.
3376	I mean, those guys know what it is,” Pagano said.
3377	I meant to give you this article, which you have probably already read about diversity on campus.
3378	I mean, you had reset full year by 10 bps, right?
3379	"I'm entirely satisfied that you knew full well and understood completely this was not a game for fun.
3380	"I'm excited," he said.
3381	I’m excited to get there Sunday and watch the race with 100,000 other racing fans.”
3382	I’m fighting against decisions that could devalue who I am, and take away my choices.
3383	I’m finished cruising and now I’m descending.”
3384	“I’m glad I was able to start,” Lucas said.
3385	I’m hitting it better than I have in a long time,” added Armstrong.
3386	“I’m hoping the people who are using MARTA maybe for the first time will see how convenient it is and stay with it,” he said.
3387	I might be wrong but surely the best way to avoid gridlock and further delays is to be open and allow feedback on the committee’s direction of travel.
3388	I’m in constant motion all the time.
3389	“I’m just playing, just hooping.
3390	Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada said Henrikson's applications for a permanent resident card since 2004 were considered abandoned after he didn't submit the necessary documentation.
3391	I’m not a Pats fan, but I think what Gronk did was quiet hilarious.
3392	“I’m not gonna make stuff just for the sake of making stuff.
3393	I'm not involved in the investigation."
3394	I’m not preachy or didactic.
3395	“I’m not quite sure how to describe her.”
3396	“I’m not struggling, but I’m not rich either.
3397	I'm not sure how to feel about this one.
3398	I’m not that big of a bar person, but I decided to hang out with family and friends on this momentous football outing.
3399	Impedance is rated at 8 ohms.
3400	Imperial Capital upped their price target on shares of Eldorado Resorts from $24.00 to $26.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, May 15th.
3401	Important institutions of state was captured by private interest – this as theinfluence was revealed in former public protector Thuli Madonsela's State of Capture Report.
3402	Impoverished and rural areas where lower income workers reside are often food deserts without access to fresh produce or other healthful whole foods.
3403	Impresarios still throng the festival, but these days they are checking out stars and also stagings — which are increasingly co-productions, shared among several opera companies.
3404	I’m pretty sure not even the extreme right are listening to her anymore.
3405	“I’m quite certain they didn’t like it when I said that.
3406	I’m realizing that sometimes you’re not in control and things just pop into your head.”
3407	I’m really looking forward to Return of the Obra Dinn, the next game from creator Lucas Pope.
3408	I'm reluctant to say much more about the plot, which is at once deeply twisted and shockingly straightforward.
3409	“I’m so excited about where I am at with my swing, defensively and as a baseball player as a whole.
3410	“I’m sorry I’m not more ladylike/ I’m sorry I don’t shave my legs at night,” she sings on Drew Barrymore, which dives right into a Netflix-and-chill scenario: “Somebody get the tacos, somebody spark the blunt/ Let’s start the off at episode one.”
3411	… I’m so tapped out on empathy for white men.
3412	I’m so upset my election celebration was interrupted by the president reading S Korea’s Wikipedia page.
3413	I’m starting to understand why Jeff Sessions is so worried about people smoking the mary-ja-wana.
3414	I’m sure both fan bases will be able to reasonably handle whatever negative thing comes from such a situation and in the process dooms their team to a loss.
3415	"I'm sure the city is doing their own economics as to why they're raising the rates,” Resnick said.
3416	I must have been asking for it.
3417	I must have blacked out because when I awoke I was back in my office.
3418	"I'm worried about my current and future grandchildren."
3419	I’m writing about their struggle from a safe and comfortable office in Mexico City.
3420	In 1875 a new gold rush sprang up at nearby Waihi that led to the discovery of the Martha Mine three years later.
3421	In 1918, when America was fighting against Germany in World War I, there were some U.S. citizens who allowed war fever to rage too hot.
3422	In 1927, a fundraising idea for providing pensions for District Nurses resulted in 348 gardens across England and Wales being opened to the public, many of them otherwise unseen…
3423	In 1936, an Alfred Hayes poem was set to music by Earl Robinson and titled "Joe Hill"; it reached its largest audience when Joan Baez sang it in her wondrous vibrato at Woodstock in 1969.
3424	In 1942, the Austrian pianist recorded a set of Schubert Impromptus that were never released.
3425	In 1960, she married her high school sweetheart, Michael Carlson at the First Methodist Church in Fort Dodge.
3426	In 1961, John F. Kennedy issued a challenge to the public: “Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.”
3427	In 1964, Ong turned fifty-two.
3428	In 1985, Gloria started working for the Grand Haven Post Office and retired in 2013.
3429	In 1994, Ozwald Boateng became the first tailor to have a catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week.
3430	In 1998, JJ began working as a correspondent for the Voice of America Television on Window on America and as host and correspondent of Africa Journal while traveling extensively until he joined WTOP in 2004.
3431	In 2001, Battaglia shot his two daughters eight times in his Deep Ellum loft shortly after his divorce from his wife, Mary Jean Pearle.
3432	In 2006 and other years, Peter Nygard was featured in the Manitoba Profiles In Business Excellence publication.
3433	In 2009 he released a free album, the Birds and the Beats, to raise awareness and funds for the work of a non-profit, Young Entrepreneurs Africa.
3434	In 2012, Donald Trump Jr. traveled to Rio de Janeiro to announce the development of Trump Towers Rio, a five-tower office complex, in partnership with European developer MRP International and Brazilian developer Even Construtora e Incorporadora SA.
3435	In 2012, the Telegraph reported on three North Lincolnshire schoolboys who had been offered apprenticeships with Scunthorpe United a year early.
3436	In 2013, the MoEF had given approval to capture 25 elephants.
3437	In 2013, the murals he painted on the walls of the old Indian Heritage School site in North Seattle over a 12-year span were slated to be demolished during construction of a new school.
3438	“In 2013, there were bomb attacks after every four or five days… Now there is a marked reduction in such incidents,” he said.
3439	In 2014, people of India gave Narendra Modi a sweeping mandate, but instead of the promised ‘Acche Din’ they are witnessing systematic attack on India’s institution.
3440	In 2014, the bridge made a breakthrough as its arch erection completed but a flood in July 2015 caused a major damage to the construction and a loss of about Nu 10M.
3441	In 2015, Carre's Grammar School in Sleaford saw 96 per cent of pupils achieve the five good GCSEs rating.
3442	In 2015, following the Warriors’ title, 15.9 percent of NBA fans named Steph their favorite player, with 11.7 percent identifying with LeBron, according to ESPN fan research.
3443	In 2015, he was “King of the Mountains” for his times in the difficult climbing stages that often prove decisive.
3444	In 2016, Gerrit Cole, Jung Ho Kang and Francisco Cervelli all spent significant time on the disabled list.
3445	In 2016, researchers from the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology (EAWAG) took samples from the Glatt river in canton Zurich, and searched for “environmental DNA” – eDNA for short.
3446	In 2016, the band released its sophomore album, Habana Dreams, and their performance at the Cistern occurs just before they take off for an extensive South American tour.
3447	In 2016, the SEC extended an invitation to the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO), the global standard-setter for securities market regulation, to conduct a Country Review of Sri Lanka.
3448	"In 2017, those of us embedded in the world of social feel the need to defend the medium.
3449	In 2018, more than half (51.2%) of Japan’s are expected to access Line monthly, as will more than half (51.8%) of mobile phone users come 2019.
3450	In a 2004 research project that analyzed 14 studies investigating the impact of criminal-reform CBT programs, 13 were found to have positive cost-benefit outcomes.
3451	In a 50 minute interview with the New York Times, made interesting revelations including saying that he would never have appointed Attorney General Jeff Sessions if he knew Sessions would recuse himself from overseeing the Russia investigation.
3452	In a crass bit of crossover E! programming, giddy ghoul Tyler Henry (of Hollywood Medium and noted author) stopped by last night’s episode of Revenge Body with Khloe Kardashian.
3453	In addition, a bent handle bar didn’t help with keeping the throttle smooth enough during crucial moments of the race.
3454	In addition, our profit was also positively affected by higher base metal prices as well as the weaker U.S./Canadian dollar average exchange rate compared with a year ago.
3455	In addition, she gave him glass after glass of wine.
3456	In addition, the increasing capacities of nuclear, geothermal, and solar power plants in Asia-Pacific are driving the demand for chillers in the region.
3457	In addition, the lawyers asked if a trial court must "provide a juvenile with warnings based on the Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination" before a mental-health assessment is conducted.
3458	In addition, the party is also looking to buy offices in each 14 districts in the national capital.
3459	In addition to her five wins during her 11-year career on tour, Pung had 14 runner-up finishes.
3460	In addition to her husband and parents, she was preceded in death by a sister, Myrtle Poston; and six brothers, Richard Scott, Wallace Scott, Everette Scott, Wayne Scott, Ronald Scott and Floyd Scott.
3461	In addition to his current service as a detective, Ainley has served the department in patrol, as a DARE officer, as a member of the Black Hawk Area Task Force and as a member of the Emergency Response Team.
3462	In addition to money, police said, the masked perpetrator demanded one thing: Newport 100 cigarettes.
3463	In addition to smoothing moderate to severe wrinkles along the nose and mouth, she says the next-generation substance continues to deliver aesthetic benefits for up to a year and half.
3464	In addition to that, I never knew about the canine unit.
3465	In addition to the historical information contained within, the matters discussed in this press release contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
3466	"In addition to these, seven grants have been awarded to studies which focus on Maori health outcomes.
3467	In addition to the standard feature set, this first-in-industry podcast app offers unique video and social capabilities designed to enhance the listening experience and offer new and exciting ways for fans to engage with their favorite shows and hosts.
3468	In addition to the statutory requirements, we are also providing combined Diageo Great Britain and Scotland numbers, which includes all employees across Diageo Great Britain legal entities.
3469	In addition to this beneficial compound, coffee itself appears to help protect the body from nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
3470	In addition to Wi-Fi stumbling, it displays statistics and graphics on certain types of network packets, but only during the first 30 days of the free edition.
3471	In addition, tumour size is known to be strongly associated with prognosis, a medical term used for predicting the likelihood of a person’s survival.
3472	In a field full of young, highly-regarded teams with skips who are just out of juniors, the ones that have had the most success are the ones with experience.
3473	In Africa, your name, beside being a respected man of God, also resonates huge as an investor.
3474	In a further effort to weaken Buhari’s resolve, the Senate has also called for the resignation of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Babachir Lawal.
3475	In a Google blog post, Mary Giliberti, CEO of NAMI, said: “We hope that by making this information available on Google, more people will become aware of depression, and seek treatment to recover and improve their quality of life.”
3476	“In a Labor government, Agriculture would be relegated to a minor silent portfolio at the precarious edge of a Labor Party front-bench.”
3477	In a move which angered the US and its Nato allies, Russia annexed Crimea during a period of political upheaval in Ukraine in 2014, claiming the instability threatened the interests of Moscow and the large ethnic Russian community living in Crimea.
3478	In an email and in-person conversations with his constituents earlier this month, Senator John Alexander (R-Wake) said the class size issue would not come up for debate at all during the legislature’s January special session.
3479	In an email to Global News, government spokesperson Vicky Deschenes said the government wants to ensure New Brunswickers are as healthy as possible.
3480	In an interview in late April, Walsh said the province and outreach workers need to be prepared, adding she and volunteers with the Safe Access Works Program have been busy distributing clean needles and instructing people on how to use naloxone.
3481	In an interview with Fox News, late on Wednesday Guam Governor Eddie Calvo struck a defiant note and backed Mr Trump’s sabre-rattling, saying such talk is “what I want”.
3482	In an interview with Scorsese, Film Comment noted that Silence is like an “apostate apotheosis.”
3483	In another day of drama Sunday in a 104th Tour full of twists, Froome broke a back-wheel spoke at the worst possible time on Stage 15 – just as his top rivals were picking up speed in front of him going into yet another punishing climb.
3484	In another Dec. 19 game, the Garland Owls got a 49-33 win over the Sachse Mustangs.
3485	In another incident in 2014, a female colleague said Schwartz often commented on her appearance and made her uncomfortable, WNYC News reported.
3486	In an unusual move, senior lawmakers from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s party implicitly criticized him for the limited construction in the West Bank and accused him of failing to provide necessary infrastructure for settlements.
3487	In any event, he will get back his military pension - a significant victory.
3488	In a parallel with the case of Ronny Deila at Celtic, the wish for an “outsider” to succeed flies in the face of glaring evidence which highlights another outcome.
3489	“In a perfect world we wouldn’t need any of this,” he said of the tax incentives while noting the fierce competition with other states.
3490	In a phone interview, Gutherz said: “We are in discussions.
3491	In a police interview, Turner said he preferred viewing indecent images of girls aged between four and 10 and added he had secretly taken pictures of minors in public.
3492	In a population of 400 gay men in France and Canada at high risk for HIV, this strategy led to an 86% drop in HIV infections over the average nine-month follow-up of the study.
3493	In a press release, the Bishop says they’ll be filing appropriate responses challenging these claims.
3494	In April 2011, the Rafale and the Typhoon were shortlisted.
3495	In April 2017, Cogswell will join Radiating Hope to climb to the base of Mt. Everest.
3496	In April 2017, inflation eased to 2.2 per cent.
3497	In a second part of the clip Mr Gard can be heard saying good night to his son before promising him he will be back 'first thing in the morning'.
3498	In a series of tweets that broadened his attack on the country’s judiciary, Trump said Americans should blame U.S. District Judge James Robart and the court system if anything happened.
3499	In a spit and sawdust saloon, the swing doors are flung open and there stands The Prince, and he’s mean, and he’s got a six shooter.
3500	In a statement, Johnson & Johnson said it would lodge an appeal.
3501	In a statement, President Donald Trump condemned the launch, saying that North Korea's "second such test in less than a month" is the "latest reckless and dangerous action" by Kim Jong Un's regime.
3502	In a statement published by the Asahi Shimbun on Thursday, they said they feared that her death would be forgotten and “wondered if the company would keep hiding it, or why the union kept silent.”
3503	In a statement read to reporters, Tsvangirai pointedly referred to him as “Mr Robert Mugabe”, not president.
3504	In a statement Royal Docks Management Authority said: 'Felix the RoDMA cat ended up in the drink while bravely engaging in a hostile territorial battle (ie running away) from another cat.
3505	In a statement, the IMF team said, “The economy is facing difficulties.
3506	In a statement today, Newton said that while he won’t run for the £87,000-a-year Speaker position again, he rejects the allegations.
3507	In a story for CNN in 1996, journalist Jonathan Karl called Finkelstein “the stuff of Hollywood: A man who can topple even the most powerful foes, yet so secretive that few have ever seen him.”
3508	In August 2014, Andrew Ross and his family moved to Evanston because the Chicago Public Schools system wasn’t working for them.
3509	In August, several members of the executive committee expressed concern that withholding performance pay, when employees have done an “admirable job” in difficult times, could result in an exodus of experience.
3510	In a very real way the plot became crazier, stocking Miracle with mysteries, cosmic peculiarities and adventures, causing Kevin to unlock cases in his life and the town.
3511	In both shows, Mimi is dying and she — along with just about all of her friends — struggles to pay the rent.
3512	In both the six-month treatment period as well as in the extension phase of up to an additional 12 months, infusions of trehalose were generally safe and well tolerated.
3513	In case of area less than 1,000 square yards, the deputy commissioner or the municipal corporation will be competent to allot.
3514	In case the autonomous body is unable to do it, it should approach the financial advisor or the ministry concerned (I&B in this case), who can consider the proposal and may recommend the MoF to consider bearing upto 70 per cent of the additional burden.
3515	In case you want to revisit the entire show, or if you missed the weekly Mike Detillier interview,you can check out the show in its entirety here.
3516	In celebration of National Puppy Day, the founder of pet rescue group AmsterDog, Deborah Dilorio, rang the opening bell at the NASDAQ Stock Exchange on the morning of March 23, 2017.
3517	“In certain sections, you have to have a wall absolutely,” he said.
3518	Ince then had another chance but saw his effort blocked by Cresswell.
3519	Including (especially) his Republican “colleagues.”
3520	In collaboration with the University of Siena, the researchers from the University of Malta used a drug that inhibits this enzyme, thereby elongating the life of the endocannabinoids.
3521	In contrast, before his election, President-elect Donald Trump had never worked in government.
3522	In contrast, the 90-day pause on admissions from the six countries listed in the revised EO is purely temporary in nature.
3523	In Cork, the county worst affected by Storm Ophelia, the council is taking more extreme precautions ahead of the storm.
3524	In-country processing is fraught with certain dangers.”
3525	Incumbent Jasiel Correia II called out Cabeceiras and City Council Vice President Linda Pereira, accusing them of voting for cuts in public safety.
3526	In December 3rd District Court Judge Randall Skanchy, in response to pre-trial motions, invalidated the sale of the racing facility to the RDA, pending the outcome of a trial.
3527	In December, Inslee proposed more than $4 billion in higher taxes over the next two years, including a tax on capital gains, a carbon tax and the largest business-tax increase in decades.
3528	In December last year he wrote a letter to the Diocese of Gloucester, revealing he was being treated for cancer at Bristol Royal Infirmary.
3529	In December, the then US president Barack Obama ordered out 35 Russian diplomats and closed down two embassy summer houses that Washington said were being used by Moscow for espionage.
3530	Indeed, some of the options he will discuss can be used on premises or in the cloud.
3531	Indeed, the often-touted policy itself stipulated that wounded troops would be allowed to remain in uniform "on a case-by-case basis."
3532	Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department detectives say that man had been shot at least one time.
3533	INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – The Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department is asking for help locating those involved in a fatal Nov. 2016 shooting.
3534	Indian government slashed its seed price after it was found to be ineffective against a new kind of pest disease.
3535	India yesterday appointed former Intelligence Bureau chief Dineshwar Sharma as its special representative for a “sustained dialogue” with all stakeholders in Jammu and Kashmir, in a fresh move aimed at bringing peace to the troubled state.
3536	Individuals who suspect an online predator or abuse can also send anonymous tips by texting PAKIDS + (your tip) to 847411.
3537	In doing so, they connect a generation of new readers to the revolutionary spirit of those who came before.
3538	Industry officials have complained that being forced to comply with a patchwork of state safety laws would be unmanageable.
3539	In earlier seasons, for example, Carl would have likely shot Siddiq on sight.
3540	I needed a plan.
3541	“I needed to stop because I knew this fight was going to keep me busy,” Barrera, 35, said in Spanish.
3542	In Egypt, suicide bombers struck two Coptic Christian churches in Alexandria and Tanta, killing 44 people and turning Palm Sunday services into scenes of carnage.
3543	I never dreamed I would meet him or work with him.
3544	I never really used to have a collection of mates; school was school and then I would either go to a boxing gym or the warehouse.
3545	I never saw this coming.
3546	Inevitably, his opponents probably now feel vindicated for being in his way, and are now likely to be even more determined to remain there.
3547	In exchange for businesses thus forcibly closed down and subsequently bulldozed in the area, shops in the Oriental Plaza were made available for rental.
3548	In fact, a lot of them seemed to really dislike it, and it appeared to sum up their frustrations with the whole torturous process of doing HSC.
3549	In fact, especially when we are working with a website with thousands of pages, the tendency is to create a basic meta tags, which, applying simple rules, can be adapted to almost every type of page.
3550	In fact, he was rejected as recently as 2012, giving up a big role to none other than Tom Cruise.
3551	In fact, it has been an international practice to woo Israel to have the official US links.
3552	In fact, it's the first total solar eclipse since 1979.
3553	In fact, I wear two bracelets on my wrist engraved with the names of the young men who died under my command in Afghanistan and Iraq, six names in all.
3554	In fact, people can now earn money on their spare time with simple tasks, and save money when buying anything.
3555	In fact these are computer renders, revealed yesterday by the likes of OnLeaks and GearIndia.
3556	In fact, the welfare of dairy cows is not ASDA’s, nor the NFU’s, primary concern.
3557	In fact, the whole earth is to be offered up as an altar where the fire shall be kept burning and never go out (Lev. 6:9-13).
3558	In fact, this revelation may trigger yet another attempt by House Republicans to impeach Koskinen.
3559	In fact, whenever I imagine how the next few years of life will unfold, I often include my Flyers expectations in them.
3560	In fairy tales, princesses sling their hair from towers and lose glass slippers.
3561	In February, his political advisers, including John Weaver and Chris Schrimpf, launched a 501(c)(4) group designed to push his policy priorities, like a balanced budget amendment.
3562	In fending off a another uncomfortable rib-high delivery, Dowrich sent a sharp catch to short leg, who claimed the chance to his right.
3563	Information about the National Polish-American Sports Hall of Fame is available at www.polishsportshof.com.
3564	Information held by DHS will also be allowed to be used in criminal proceedings as part of welfare fraud prosecution, the budget papers indicate.
3565	Information provided to this paper by the regulator shows that Judge Farrugia Sacco will be paid a salary of €18,000 and an annual allowance of €12,000.
3566	Information reaching our Secretariat indicates that about 4,000 direct job workers will be laid off by the end of this month.
3567	Informing businesses and candidates what the city does legally allow when it comes to signs is perhaps a better way, she said.
3568	In Gaza City, vendors passed out sweets to children in Soldier’s Square, a park at the center of town.
3569	In Guatemala, National Network of Sexual Diversity and HIV Secretary Carlos Romero noted there was recently an attempt to put forth a bill that would have banned marriage between people of the same sex and further restricted women’s reproductive rights.
3570	In Gujarat's Patan constituency Congress’ Kiritkumar Patel, who has 12 criminal cases aginst him won with 103,273 votes, and by a margin of close to 25,000 votes.
3571	In her rambling Facebook post Warren also says how she wished she could have spent the rest of her life with Mark: 'U wur ther 4 me wen no one wos.
3572	In her speech, she thanked the 11 million people who had voted for her.
3573	In her statement, Mukerjea had reportedly told the investigators that the 45-year-old victim died after being sexually assaulted by the jailer and five others.
3574	In his first run for Senate, he worked with Roger Ailes, who came up with this legendary and notorious ad going after the Democrat with the hounddogs for the missed votes.
3575	In his opinion, such a step would create favorable conditions for the company sale at an open tender.
3576	In his two seasons at the Stadio Luigi Ferraris he scored 19 goals in 50 games, impressing with his near-flawless technique and wonderful left foot.
3577	In honoring me, you honor the freedoms I held sacred.
3578	In IMAX, Kong generated $2.7M on 388 screens in China for a local $11.1M cume and $29.3M global.
3579	In index futures trading on the Osaka Exchange, the key June contract on the Nikkei average closed down 180 points at 18,530.
3580	In Israel, the soldiers' decision not to react to the seeming provocation by Ahed Tamimi, a blonde firebrand, has stirred a debate about deterrence and drawn allegations that the army was humiliated.
3581	Initial investigations revealed that the accused, Achunike C. Nwafor, used to get cocaine consignment from his contact in Mumbai and alert his customers through WhatsApp.
3582	“Initially no,” said Clapper after Cotton asked if Russia thought Trump was going to win the election.
3583	Initially, the collision was reported to have occurred in the area of Highway 101 and Los Osos Valley Road.
3584	Initially, the police officers recorded the incident as the evidence and they would collect CCTV footage to identify the thief further.
3585	• Initiative “a good Receptionist” anticipates what is required next and takes action.
3586	In its 2015 fiscal year, which runs from Nov. 1 to Oct. 31, tax documents show SPLC reported total revenues of over $58 million and total expenses of nearly $45.8 million, with net assets of over $328 million.
3587	In its alternations between self-loathing and self-exaltation, “The Book of Disquiet” can seem like a quintessentially manic-depressive epic.
3588	In its first evaluation of the tool in 2015, the Commission estimated that just 10% of ECIs manage to pass the signature threshold.
3589	In its simplest, it is a fascinating slice-of-life, looking at loss and the relationship of the millennial generation to drugs.
3590	In January 1995, the 79-year-old Rockefeller flew to Japan to try to persuade Mitsubishi not to put the property in bankruptcy.
3591	In January 2015, the country’s police forces were reorganized under a centralized government banner called the Swedish Police Authority.
3592	In January this year, the water level was well below the dead storage level.
3593	In July 2010, the city of Newport Beach issued Brimer a notice to abate his building.
3594	In July, Mered told an associate, in a wiretapped call, that he had smuggled between seven and eight thousand people to Europe.
3595	Injuries have ruined his legacy but hopefully he gets one more shot and we see the old Jamaal Charles back.
3596	In losing 4-0 at Anfield, Arsenal showed tactically they are nowhere near their rivals for a top-four place in the Premier League.
3597	“In March 2016 EU leaders met and agreed to a deal with Ankara in which every person arriving ‘irregularly’ on Greek islands should be returned to Turkey.
3598	In May 1315, a Scots army of up to six thousand soldiers landed on the Antrim coast.
3599	In May 2013, the water company sought an 11.6 percent rate hike, but the state Public Utility Commission slashed that to 5.6 percent before new rates took effect Jan.
3600	In May, 4 of his congregants were arrested and deported.
3601	In moments of “Sleeping Water,” which opens on Thursday at the Rose Theater as part of the Lincoln Center Festival, the dancers practically float.
3602	In Morgan's complaint, he cites a similar determination against the Board of Selectmen last July, where the Attorney General's Office found the board to be in violation.
3603	In most cities, a building with multi-colored, kaleidoscope glass and a rusting bell tower is unquestionably a church, but in Pittsburgh, it could be something much different — it could be a music venue, brewery, hookah bar or even a night club.
3604	In most respects, the XJ is smooth riding and fairly unfussy.
3605	In mourning at 35 Stone Pine Court, Pikesville, MD 21208, Friday, immediately following interment, Saturday after 6 p.m. and Sunday.
3606	“In my first set I wasn’t making a lot of first serves.
3607	“In my hospital there are hardly any IT safeguards because of the cuts they have made.”
3608	In Ner Eyal 2 you’ve added more chapters concerning the laws of Festivals, which you previously examined in Ner Eyal 1. What made you decide to do so?
3609	In New Mexico, where poverty rates are among the highest in the nation, there was a backlash against school districts that used to serve cold cheese sandwiches to students who could not pay.
3610	In Noble County, a Ligonier Police officer and deputies with the Noble County Sheriff’s Department used stop sticks to deflate the Jimmy’s tires, but it continued on.
3611	Innovation is imperative in design and I feel that the more I can push myself as a designer, the more value I can create.
3612	In November, filed a petition for an innovative two-year opt-out residential TOU rate design pilot.
3613	In office, though, Trump has just continued engaging in more gestures, which would be most charitably portrayed as substance-free photo-ops, but are actually more venal than that.
3614	“In one extreme case, we found that one of our high school seniors was taking care of two elementary siblings and had been doing so for pretty much a semester,” Washington said.
3615	In one, he wrote to his client: "We are finally finalizing this after 12 hours for 260,000 euros.
3616	In one of her hit songs, “I Ain’t in Checotah,” she sings about “a single-stoplight town.”
3617	In one skit, there was a kiss she said Franken wanted to rehearse.
3618	In one, they may have hit each other over the head.
3619	In Osun, a similar trend was observed in different parts of the state, especially at major markets in Osogbo and Ile-Ife.
3620	In other The Advisory Board Company news, insider Cormac F. Miller sold 750 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 19th.
3621	In other words, the main problem lies with the disorganised Labour voters rather than with the “shy Tories”.
3622	In other words, when it comes to drugs… “JUST SAY NO.”
3623	In our aim to provide our erudite clients with the best research material with absolute in-depth information of the market, our new report on Global Cloud Encryption Software Market is confident in meeting their needs and expectations.
3624	In our crashed car, the dashboard shunted my knee and smoke from the engine seeped in.
3625	In our new life, she cooked and I cleaned up.
3626	In our very own eyes we are nothing and in our hearts we believe that the Fulani are everything.
3627	I now own this chair.
3628	In particular, the revelation that at least one of the attackers, Khuram Butt, was well known to security services has raised concerns that they lack the resources to prevent attacks.
3629	In plus, cinematografele vor functiona dupa un program special, arata informatiile centralizate de News.ro de la retaileri si de la proprietarii centrelor comerciale.
3630	In practice, courts have little ability to enforce orders to produce information under FOIA or punish the CIA even when it willfully and egregiously violates the law.
3631	In practice, this pleases neither side, both of whom end up complaining 'we wuz robbed'.
3632	In pre-hearing rhetoric, labor groups are painting rich hedge funds as uncaring vultures looking to extract money from less-wealthy public workers.
3633	In production for six months, the platform powers Uber's business, running more than 220 applications in the company's data centers.
3634	Inquire for further detailed information about Circumferential framehttps://www.
3635	In recent years, Coca-Cola has seen huge success with its “Share a Coke” advertising campaign, in which each bottle of soda read “Share a Coke with…” and listed a common first name.
3636	In recent years, fashion retail has turned upon itself.
3637	In related news, CEO Patrick J. Dalton acquired 22,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 14th.
3638	In response, both Freeland and Guajardo, while emphasizing there was room to modernize the pact, stressed the benefits of the existing agreement.
3639	In response, the trust has called explicitly for a reduction in waiting times.
3640	In Rouen, the Notre Dame Cathedral is a must-see, not to be confused with the cathedral in Paris.
3641	In September 2016, he was appointed the Chief Operations Officer of Air Zimbabwe, a move that was criticised by some Zimbabweans who claimed he had landed the post because of his relationship to the country president.
3642	In September last year, the HC had directed the Delhi government to carry out periodical inspections of buildings and premises of all government, municipal and private schools.
3643	In short, if you are poor, own property, and are over 55, you are forced by the givernment to sign your property over to the government pay for your care, de facto.
3644	Insiders have acquired a total of 742,000 shares of company stock worth $3,379,220 in the last three months.
3645	Insiders have sold a total of 44,810 shares of company stock worth $5,897,361 over the last 90 days.
3646	Insiders sold a total of 461,554 shares of company stock worth $17,749,840 over the last ninety days.
3647	Inside the apartment were photographs of famous playmates, they said.
3648	Inside the museum, Chagall’s mastery of stained glass surprised many of us, as did a tapestry that filled an entire wall with images from one of his paintings, woven by a close collaborator.
3649	In six months, Ancestry has moved over half of its data — 8 petabytes — to AWS, a move he says will position Ancestry for greater international growth as more consumers seek information about their ancestors.
3650	In social settings, under the guise of joking, being collegial, flirting, or having a good time, I undoubtedly caused some women to question themselves, retreat, feel alone, and worry they can’t be their authentic selves.
3651	In some cases, sexual dysfunction may persist long after the medication has been discontinued (Journal of Sexual Medicine, March 2011).
3652	“In South Africa, one out of four people suffer from mental health issues,” she said.
3653	In speaking with Dakota, he said he was very happy when he heard he was going to get a mentor.
3654	Instead, he decided to try to spin the loss to his advantage.
3655	Instead, he should make life difficult for him by encouraging his supporters to put up a challenger to topple Watson.
3656	Instead, he simply added another Roman numeral to make it read “Super Bowl LII Champions” and predict an even better season for the Cowboys next year.
3657	Instead, he stalks his victims with a calm walk signifying his confidence in the certainty of his kill while the score plays over it.
3658	Instead, it is trying to shift the window of what’s normal in order to erode the tolerance of what is potentially damaging.
3659	Instead, it serves to stigmatises Muslim refugees and the entire American Muslim community,” Awad said.
3660	Instead let’s get the team news from the 7.45pm kick off at Turf Moor as Burnley host Stoke.
3661	Instead of immediately answering, Mnuchin started complimenting the ranking member.
3662	Instead of relying on private, for profit developers, the State must build housing.
3663	Instead of suggesting everyone generally “take care of yourselves,” those in charge need to check in and ask, “Hey, do you need a break?
3664	Instead of using the microwave, I usually just slide this in the oven for a few minutes.
3665	Instead, the officers of Bangor, Maine, prefer a simple hello, chatting about the Sox or Patriots or giving out directions.
3666	Institutional investors own 77.22% of the company’s stock.
3667	INSUREtrust, located in the Atlanta metro area, is a national insurance wholesaler focused on cyber liability insurance.
3668	In taking this decision, the Duke has the full support of the Queen.
3669	In talking with the Samaritan woman at the well in John 4, Jesus brought salvation to a group of people considered "inferior" by the Jews.
3670	Integrative modeling of gene and genome evolution roots the archaeal tree of life.
3671	Intel—the brains behind many an autonomous test vehicle—has found a new home for its self-driving technology in Silicon Valley.
3672	Interestingly, another article written by the same author suffered during the same time period, suggesting that you might possibly harm authorship reputation by stuffing keywords into bold tags.
3673	Interestingly, the panel has already had four meetings on “national security and privacy concerns” relating to Aadhaar beginning October 24. The subject is listed as one of the eight subjects to be discussed this year.
3674	Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal told the chief justice of the Islamabad High Court, Shaukat Sadiqui, on Monday that the government has signed an agreement with the rally organizers to avoid a “civil-war like situation.”
3675	Inter Milan have been keen to tempt former Juventus manager Conte away from Stamford Bridge.
3676	International cable TV and broadband company Liberty Global has selected IT firm Cyient to support its ‘GIGAWorld’ initiative that seeks to provide broadband speeds of one gigabit and more to millions of homes households across Europe.
3677	Internet trolls are not fantastical beings living under bridges, but ordinary people who deliberately post abusive comments, sometimes with the express intention of causing alarm, distress or humiliation, and pushing women offline.
3678	Intersectionality requires a holistic approach to dealing with issues regarding race, class, gender and sexuality.
3679	In that case, Willner pleaded guilty to a drug possession charge after jail officials learned Willner was hiding a bag of prescription sedatives in his rectum.
3680	In that last at-bat, I tried to quick-pitch to get him off his timing, and I couldn't get it where I wanted to."
3681	In the 15th minute, the Wolverines notched the only score of the game, from a corner kick.
3682	In the 2011 postseason, Lewis went 1-1 over four starts.
3683	In the 2015 election, the turnout of Ndigbo during that exercise seemed to suggest a people ‘traditionally’ nonchalant about political activities.
3684	In the 400M dash, Elise Knapp placed 3rd.
3685	In the aftermath of the shooting, said authorities didn’t believe there was ‘any connection whatsoever’ between Richmond’s son and the shooting earlier on Monday.
3686	In the BBC interview, Jolie declined to give specifics about what occurred on the plane.
3687	In the boys’ game, Eupora limited Bruce to just seven points in the opening period on its way to building a 35-21 halftime lead.
3688	In the boys race, Winder-Barrow was sixth out of 10 teams while Apalachee placed ninth.
3689	In the case of Sisi, the answer: ineptitude, state violence, lack of vision and enrichment of the ruling cabal.
3690	In the class where I teach cinema, I often discuss Hey Ram with my students.
3691	In the clip the car is seen being chased by a man and a woman - a passerby who stopped to help control the vehicle.
3692	In the company of Mr. MAccra, Dec. 5, GNA - The Queen of Denmark, Her Majesty Queen Margrethe II, has toured the MPS Terminal and Tema Port Expansion Project site as part of her three day royal state visit to Ghana.
3693	In The Dark Tower movie, Idris Elba portrays the role of Roland Deschain, the last Gunslinger who involved in an epic battle with Walter O'Dim aka the Man In Black, portrayed by Matthew McConaughey.
3694	In the end it was called off by our staff.
3695	In the end, Ohio State’s strength of schedule slightly edged out that of Alabama.
3696	In the Ewing contest, Osmond jumped out to a 13-9 lead and, despite a slow second quarter, held an 18-16 advantage going into half-time.
3697	In the fall, there is Christmas and its preparation period Advent.
3698	In the fifth, Christin Stewart hit a two-run home run, while Harold Castro scored on an error in the seventh.
3699	In the futsal competition over $350,000 in prize monies are up for grabs along with trophies with the winner set to receive $200,000; runner-up $100,000 and third place finisher $50,000.
3700	In the incident on Monday, a woman reported that she was moving from the house and had several boxes packed up and ready to move.
3701	In their view, the dacha is not so much a place to idle time away as it is a place of honest toil, working the land and communing with nature.
3702	“In the late 1990s, we started to use a factory that had been in Taiwan but moved to China.
3703	In the ‘Layton Derby’ the Layton Pub edged out FC Layton Seniors 2-1 with Connor Cooper and Karl McLeod scoring, while Jamie Thomson replied.
3704	In the lead-up to Operation Overlord, he was involved in survey planning, map production of every map likely to be required in northern France, organisation and preparation of equipment and the planning and training for their landing.
3705	In the lead-up to the election, there were some pieces that were written that said as much.
3706	In the morning, IndiGo promoter Rahul Bhatia held meetings with Mr. Raju and Civil Aviation Secretary R.N. Choubey.
3707	In the most eagerly anticipated Test since the 2015 Rugby World Cup final the All Blacks delivered as only they can, decimating the British & Irish Lions – the cream of the crop of England, Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
3708	In the Nifty Auto index, MRF was the star performer for the day gaining 4.57%.
3709	In the nine months ended Sept. 30, revenues climbed 15 percent to 736.8 million euros, compared with 639.3 million euros in the same period last year, lifted by all distribution channels and geographic markets.“
3710	In the novel “Wonder,” Auggie calls Halloween the best holiday in the world: “I get to go around like every other kid with a mask and nobody thinks I look weird.
3711	In the past 15 years, the state Department of Fish and Wildlife has received 84 safety complaints about the Wenas Wildlife Area, including 15 firsthand cases of people feeling unsafe or having shots fired toward them.
3712	In the past, those appointed Deputy Governors were Managing Directors/ CEO of Deposit Money Banks.
3713	“In the past we decided the Street Fund desperately needed it and we could get by,” Kelly stated.
3714	In the prevailing system, he said, the elite indulged in the sale and purchase of votes due to the weaknesses of the electoral system, thus exploiting the poor.
3715	“In the reproductive issues movement, we present perspectives to counter those who benefit by being extreme and determined to keep women in bondage during their reproductive years.”
3716	In these 3D arenas there’s also an emphasis on movement.
3717	In the season’s opener they beat the Pats, 31-0; in the season’s closer they lost to the Pats, 31-0.
3718	In the second half, the Panthers defense held Monona Grove to one touchdown, which came from Ogden on a 10-yard run.
3719	In these situations, records aren’t as important as they may appear and surprising outcomes are always within reach.
3720	In these three cases, the messages were made to appear as if they had come from Santander.
3721	In these three trials, even though the subjects have biochemical markers linked to the disease, the participants will not necessarily wind up with Alzheimer’s.
3722	In the span of a day, the number of MongoDB installations that were erased and replaced with ransom notes has more than doubled, spiking to 27,000 as more cyber thugs jump on the ransom bandwagon.
3723	In the sprints three PIAA records fell in back-to-back-to-back events.
3724	In the study, the researchers said many of the children’s parents reported that their kids would frequently go to neighbouring orchards and eat lychee fruit.
3725	In the summer hikers from the continental divide will use the library as a checking in and resupply point.
3726	In the summer of 2014, they rampaged through her homeland and her own family home, murdering, torturing and enslaving her people, her friends and her family.
3727	In the third cut-off list, many colleges reopened their admission as applicants withdrew their admissions, but this was not the case in the fourth list.
3728	In the top of the fourth the Rustlers’ freshman infielder Vanessa Camacho hit to center which was then caught leading to an out.
3729	“In the two years I was Hearts head coach from 2014-16, he supported me all the way, as did the club owner, Ann Budge.
3730	In the video player above she addresses this topic and if there is a time when repair shouldn't be attempted.
3731	In the videos tweeted out by reporters on the scene, pro-Trump demonstraters can be seen swinging “Trump” flags at the heads of the anti-Trump protesters.
3732	In the wake of the last big tax reform effort in 1986, the rules changed on the deductibility of credit-card interest.
3733	In the watershed, E. coli is measured to determine how safe it is to interact with the water through swimming, fishing or other activities.
3734	In the weeks leading up to Donald J. Trump’s inauguration, I spoke to everyday activists — writers, lecturers, Sunday School teachers, and mothers — about how to support marginalized people and fight discrimination.
3735	In the White group the Wimbledon champion, Garbiñe Muguruza, defeated the French Open winner, Jelena Ostapenko, 6-3, 6-4 on Sunday, and Karolina Pliskova beat Venus Williams 6-2, 6-2.
3736	In the works for over a year, the redesign of the controversial "Dublin rule" has stalled due to the refusal of countries like Poland and Hungary to take any asylum seekers at all under the shared programme.
3737	In this article, we look at the impact of sperm motility on fertility, as well as the causes of poor sperm motility, and what can be done to improve it.
3738	In this case, the events in Khan Sheikhoun occurred the day before an important conference on Syria was to be held in Brussels.
3739	In this conversation with Nick Digilio, he shares what experts consider the best way to pay off credit cards, how to spot fake tax preparers and provides some clarification on credit scores for listeners.
3740	In this day and age of smartphones, tablets, and laptops, hard drive failure almost seems like a thing of the past.
3741	In this film, we have a group of scientists, and some soldiers who are sent to investigate an uncharted known as Skull Island.
3742	In this hands-on workshop you will learn to make gorgeous paper flowers.
3743	In this May 8, 2017, photo, then-FBI Director James Comey speaks to the Anti-Defamation League National Leadership Summit in Washington.
3744	In this perspective, he pointed out, the Executive defined the tourism and hotels sector as a cluster to be developed under the diversification of the national economy.
3745	In this piece, Fredrick Nwabufo, a writer, journalist and communications consultant has analysed the activities of the Nigerian Senate, its actions and inaction in various corruption allegations that has rocked Nigeria lately.
3746	In this programme, athletes receive training within a familiar environment and, therefore, have high chances of optimum benefit.
3747	"In this regard, we have just directed Heads of Courts to clamp down on both Prosecution and Defence Counsel who indulge in the unethical practice of deploying delay tactics to stall criminal trials.
3748	In this week’s episode, he leaves Ellaria and Tyene to the Queen Cersei’s mercy.
3749	“In three reports, death occurred as soon as one to three days after balloon placement.
3750	“Into the Badlands looks like nothing else on television, a literal high-wire act attracting passionate and dedicated fans by the millions,” said Charlie Collier, president of AMC, SundanceTV and AMC Studios.
3751	"In tournaments you play for the points.
3752	In Trump's remarks to lawmakers, he cast the cancellation of his engagement with Pena Nieto as a mutual decision, saying they had "agreed to cancel our planned meeting."
3753	In turn I swiped the bacon crumbled atop his Classic Wedge salad.
3754	In turn, Lanzhou has already established a high-speed link with Urumqi, capital of the Xinjiang region, China’s gateway to Central and South Asia.
3755	In turn, these individuals will have had sources of their own.
3756	In U.S. dollars, SLF U.S.'s reported net income was US$29 million in the first quarter of 2017, compared to US$69 million in the first quarter of 2016.
3757	Inverurie Locos boss Neil Cooper hopes his side can keep their historic run going when Wick Academy visit Harlaw Park tomorrow.
3758	Investigators are looking into what may have sparked the flames.
3759	Investigators claim the officers beat one man who wore a prosthetic leg and who “did not fight back.”
3760	Investigators obtained arrest warrants for them this afternoon and are charging them with aggravated kidnapping, two counts of aggravated assault, reckless endangerment, especially aggravated robbery and attempted second-degree murder.
3761	Investigators with the California Highway Patrol fanned out, up and down Sacramento's Fruitridge Road looking for private surveillance video from Wednesday evening.
3762	Investors can assume that any new capex will earn at least this much.
3763	Investors expect higher profits with FactSet estimating first-quarter earnings could rise as much as 12%.
3764	Investors paid very close attention to whether anything new would brought to the table when Former.
3765	In Virginia, we have hundreds of children who are ready for foster to adoption.
3766	Invited attendees can find Phison at Las Vegas’ Caesar’s Palace in a demo suite exhibiting the company’s industry-leading product portfolio.
3767	In what appears to be a choreographed move, Zanu-PF structures have been passing resolutions calling for the congress ostensibly to endorse Mugabe as the party’s 2018 candidate.
3768	In winning his 16th Grand Slam title, Nadal is all set to make this an exciting match with Federer (Editorial – “Back to the future”, September 12).
3769	In your bid to capture apex power and have APC leaders take control of oil revenues and sharing much of it among themselves – and leave the masses poor, as was before – you people fabricate every senless lie against Jonathan.
3770	In Zarrab's fifth day on the witness stand, he was subjected to cross-examination from attorney Cathy Fleming, who elicited confessions from Zarrab about his proclivity to use bribes to get what he wants, even after he was jailed in the United States.
3771	Iommi says he also he says he has "bags" of riffs he came up with for Black Sabbath that might one day wind up on a solo album.
3772	I ONLY get sex every three or four months.
3773	I only see them for a few hours once a week.
3774	“I owe everything to my wife Aoibhín for supporting me on this as it was a huge sacrifice for her to make and suffice to say that her gift of golf clubs is a hint that’s not lost on me,” he quipped.
3775	I played in high school, mainly because it impressed the girls………
3776	I pray that she is found alive and well.
3777	I process and learn.
3778	"I promise I'm not going to run (Meyer)," she said.
3779	I put them against the foot board on the bed and pressed to try to get them to quit.
3780	"I ran pretty well," Freetly said of his last high school race for LQPV/DB.
3781	Iraqi and coalition forces say they have finally recaptured the Daesh (ISIS/ISIL) terrorists stronghold city of Mosul.
3782	Iraqi forces have nearly retaken the Iraqi city of Mosul.
3783	Iraqis have fought alongside US troops for years and have worked as translators.
3784	I read four newspapers.
3785	“I read somewhere that police officers are unusual in their courage, their dedication and their community mindedness,” Cahoon said after playing some of the transmissions.
3786	I realize we are in a bizarro world.
3787	I really am impressed with how ahead of the game the team has been, to get the new console update out weeks before the Xbox One X launches.
3788	“I really didn't know so many kids and parents would be interested,” Green said.
3789	I really started to focus more on fashion when I lost 30 pounds and slimmed down a little bit.
3790	“I really think we are at a critical point,” said Ryan Mcpherson, the chief sustainability officer at University at Buffalo.
3791	I recall being especially impressed with the precision of the blue jay's blows on the acorn.
3792	I registered just a day before,” the winner said.
3793	Ireland go into the event as second seeds in both the men and women’s divisions having lost in both grand finals in 2014.
3794	I remember going to the Double Down — might have even been the first time — the night the old Dunes hotel was imploded in the early ’90s.
3795	"I remember sitting a few years back on one of those grass hills at The Forks with a friend of mine, who’s from the French community as well.
3796	I remember the first time I submitted while drunk, too, submitter.
3797	I remember the media stating that they would no longer use the name “Redskins”, but refer to the team only as Washington.
3798	Irene had visited her in hospital in when she was ill.
3799	I repeatedly try to avoid accidents by honking my horn and alerting other drivers that they're about to hit me.
3800	I represent the generation that was barely interested in politics in 1990s, when Mečiar tried to turn the country away from democracy and the transatlantic trends that its neighbours were following.
3801	“iRobot has not formed any plans to sell the data,” Angle added in the followup.
3802	IRVING, Texas (AP) — Two people died Wednesday in an apparent murder-suicide at a Texas community college, prompting an active-shooter alert that instructed students and employees to barricade themselves in rooms.
3803	Isabelle does note that last year’s poor hatch will result in fewer jakes on the landscape.
3804	I salute our AFP and PNP for a job well done.
3805	I saw him becoming so famous and so hypocritical.
3806	I saw him really getting down in the weight room last spring.
3807	I saw marriages fall apart.
3808	“I saw that several of the shows were canceled,” she says.
3809	I see all too many comparisons comparing him to criminals, and that's the reason he's unemployable.
3810	I see Burien adrift and rudderless in dangerous waters, with shoals approaching.
3811	I should get the day off for Lief Erikson Day.
3812	ISIL terrorist group released an audio recording Thursday of what it said was its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi calling on members under pressure in Syria and Iraq to “resist” their enemies.
3813	ISIS is getting desperate in the wake of their caliphate collapsing, and now supporters of the brutal terror group are coordinating the assassination of a shocking target: the 11-year-old son of President Trump, Barron.
3814	Is it not obvious?
3815	Is it the shoulder pads?
3816	“Is it to be able to check off a box and say, ‘I did it’?”
3817	Islamic State’s news agency, Amaq, has said its fighters control large parts of Marawi City, but has not commented specifically on the Maute.
3818	Island Investment Development Inc. brought in $10 million more than expected, thanks to returns from the Immigrant Investment Fund.
3819	Isle Of Wight Police Investigate Ventnor “Assault”
3820	Isn't that a violation of celebrity rules?" asked one of many fans who took to social media to share how pleasantly surprised they were by the couple's choices.
3821	I sometimes wake up in the morning thinking I'm at home but I'm not."
3822	"I speak for the incredible employees of the 12-24 Club."
3823	I specialize in treatment of liver cancer that is not surgically removable.
3824	Israel Prison Service spokesman Assaf Librati said on Monday that 870 prisoners are still refusing to eat.
3825	Israel’s Foreign Ministry said the guard was stabbed by 17-year-old Mohammed Jawawdeh, who was in an embassy residence installing a bedroom set.
3826	Israel's housing ministry said on Friday that it planned to build a further 15,000 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem which is claimed by Palestinians as the capital of a future Palestinian state.
3827	Israel withdrew its troops and settlers from Gaza in 2005, and the territory was subsequently overrun by the Hamas militant group.
3828	Issues that are central to small but effective organized groups.
3829	Istanbul remained the third most visited destination in Europe in 2016.
3830	“I started off as a diver with the OPP,” he recalled.
3831	“Is that so?” remarked the monk yet again.
3832	Is that the game for people too old to play “Doctor?”
3833	Is that the roar of bikes we hear?
3834	Is the Diocese of Los Angeles living into an alternate reality?
3835	Is there anything else left for the GST to put an end to?”
3836	Is there a person I can talk to who can do something to improve the situation?
3837	Is this a local health regulation or an overly cautious restaurant?
3838	“Is this more important than your life?
3839	Is this some kind of Talibangelical thing?
3840	Is this true to your family?
3841	I still cannot fathom having this lawless, brainless twit as president.
3842	I still hear the music.
3843	I still travel everywhere by bus.
3844	I stopped using Facebook years ago, but I just email everyone, send photos.
3845	I struggle every day with the question.”
3846	It added that an IP address provided was for a South African real estate business.
3847	Italian football had a reputation for being dull and defensive, but the players put on a show.
3848	It all began in April 2012.
3849	It also consults with the governor on important women’s issues.
3850	“It also disturbs what we are dealing with here,” Hermansen said, brushing aside attempts by Breivik to defend his action.
3851	It also drew more attention to adidas as West’s partner on the venture.
3852	It also features a weekday lunch special with lasting merit: From 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., select any salad or sandwich on the menu and a glass of wine or draft beer for $15.
3853	It also has investments in old school logistics, real estate, other fashion brands and olive oil.
3854	It also increases blood flow and relaxes blood vessels – sending blood to all the right places.
3855	It also keeps with Lamar’s pattern of self-reflection and self-judgement in his art.
3856	It also noted that the Chief Secretary had not conducted an independent inquiry as directed by the commission on October 18 last year.
3857	It also pays to shop around when it comes to CD rates and rules.
3858	Italy’s leftwing populist Beppe Grillo has described the Italian media as “the opium of the people – they hide the truth to reassure you, while you slowly die”.
3859	It announced earlier this month it had started sharing Netflix measurements privately with media companies that pay for its new Subscription Video On Demand Content Ratings service.
3860	It appears and disappears throughout history, and it exists in the modern West today still underpinned by Jewish ideas of the spirit, Greek ideas of political freedom, and Roman law.
3861	Itâ€™s controllable via voice commands, meaning no fumbling around with a bunch of buttons while itâ€™s attached to your helmet or handlebars.
3862	It became clear that the incoming administration was not going to be acting on standing protocols that had existed for decades.
3863	It can be going back to a particular website from another Windows 10 computer or putting the final touches to an email they started writing using the Outlook app on their iOS or Android smartphone.
3864	It can be hard with all the distractions, noise, and legitimate needs to plan ahead.
3865	It can save lives,” Cardin, 44, said.
3866	It can’t be used if we can’t figure out how people live.
3867	It can’t really get worse.
3868	It comes after the UK's national fraud and cyber crime reporting centre ActionFraud warned that holiday scams were on the rise.
3869	It could be next year before the NTSB issues its final report into what caused the crash.
3870	It could be programed to look out a week or two so that the research was better timed to patient visits.
3871	"It could be run off over four months during the summer ideally from May to the end of August and then you'll have time for club championship and it won't be played in November and December when the pitches are pretty bad for hurling," Canning told JOE.
3872	It’d be easy to ignore last weekend’s NFL Draft if the Big 12 wasn’t also the only Power 5 conference to miss the College Football Playoff twice in three years.
3873	It did much better under Clinton than it did for either of the bookend Bushes.
3874	“It doesn’t have to be on the ice.
3875	"It doesn't look like they're in a different ecological niche.
3876	“It doesn’t make any sense,” Guenther said.
3877	''It doesn't matter whether you live in the cities or live rurally, content is flying into our homes faster due to newer technology, such as high definition online television and more interactive and complex online games.
3878	It doesn’t sound like a lot on on a per capita basis, but seeing as a ‘megacity’ is defined as housing in excess of ten million people, that adds up to a huge pile of money overall.
3879	I teach my class, I kiss everybody, I take hundreds of photos and I go home.
3880	It emphasized concern on the continued policy ‎of marginalization of south east zone as the basic cause of renewed agitation by Pro-Biafra groups.
3881	Items that are eligible for one-day delivery will be marked with a “Prime Free One-Day” icon.
3882	It ended sooner than anyone expected for many souls on September 11, 2001.
3883	It ended up being something that could have been prevented four years ago but as it is, it has come right now.
3884	It followed her long jump success yesterday.
3885	It follows an investigation by the animal welfare charity after under-nourished Sparky was found with a bump on her head.
3886	It further urges the House of Commons to study how the government “could develop a government-wide approach to reducing or eliminating systemic racism and religious discrimination, including Islamophobia.”
3887	It gathered representatives of Belarusian news agencies, editorial boards, and media publishing houses.
3888	It gave you an experience that, compiled with others, will help you overcome any negative feeling that you now feel from rejection.
3889	“It gives us a huge opportunity that we need to take advantage of — to welcome Progressive Conservatives who believe in fiscal sound principles but who are socially progressive and aren’t looking at turning back the clock on human rights.”
3890	It goes against all you’re thinking, and yet it really is true: The only one to fill the role the way you do it is you.
3891	“It had become clear that India was moving towards getting two-thirds of the votes, 128 of them, in the GA.
3892	I thank all of them,” Aamir said after receiving the award.
3893	It happened near Dundas Street and Carlaw Avenue at around 9 a.m.
3894	It happened Thursday night at the Chick-fil-A on Highway 123 in Easley.
3895	It has allowed Dhawan and Pujara to settle down.
3896	It has also been the site of several previous attacks, including the suicide attack last month that killed prominent Shiite Muslim cleric Ramazan Hussainzada, who was also a senior leader of the ethnic Hazara community.
3897	It has also made mandatory reporting of cash deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh in savings accounts and Rs 12.5 lakh in current accounts during November 9 to December 30, 2016 — the 50-day window post demonetisation to deposit junked 500 and 1000 rupee notes.
3898	It has also ranked among the top 10 games by revenue every year a new edition is released.
3899	It has been coping with the blockade by flying in food and other supplies from Iran and Turkey.
3900	It has been up and running for three years.
3901	It has eight operation rooms, seven health care offices and 300 beds.
3902	It has maintained a consistent trend of six-lakh-plus sales for the fourth consecutive month.
3903	“It has the original paint, and we have kept up with the maintenance all this time.
3904	It helped him overcome a period of almost complete inactivity and it turns out he is still an extremely useful player.
3905	It helps to organise their private lives.
3906	I therefore say, if this prayer is correct and is true, then its about our peace.
3907	"I think a lot of developers are seeing the Switch as a huge opportunity to reach out to what has typically been a user base of Nintendo franchises … and introduce their IPs to the Mario fans."
3908	I think a lot of people are afraid to speak up and defend our right to health care.
3909	“I think any time you’re this far you’re excited and you’re starting to maybe think about making the semifinal and then making the final.”
3910	“I think as we move forward, we’ll definitely get the teachers’ voice into the committee, whether that’s with focus groups or some other way,” Doney added.
3911	“I think communication between the corners and the safeties is vital whenever you play, and same thing with the linebackers.
3912	I think he meant that it barely squeezed in past the upright.
3913	“I think it is a judgement against us all, if we are a society that seeks to care for everyone who lives here.
3914	“I think it is outrageous that it is illegal to sleep outside,” McHenry said.
3915	I think it’s about time fans had another fantastic Minaj-JAY-Z collaboration to listen to.
3916	I think it’s pretty clear when you watch it on replay.
3917	I think it’s time for the kids to go back to the other side of the pond.
3918	"I think it's wonderful that he did take the time to reach out and I accept what he's saying.
3919	I think Russian and Serbo-Croatian are like 65%-70% common vocabulary.
3920	I think that any fan of the Xmen films would feel this film to be a bit of a closure piece.
3921	“I think that he doesn’t want to come to Marseille,” Garcia tells sports daily L’Equipe in an interview to be published Thursday.
3922	I think that Scotto forgets about the Religious Right because he takes it for granted.
3923	I think that’s what inevitably keeps us all coming back.
3924	I think the Browns thought he was done as a player and ready to retire, so I don't jump on them too much for letting McCown go.
3925	I think the fans of LA can live without the NFL as they showed for 20 years.
3926	“I think the gavel’s going to be a lot louder,” he said.
3927	“I think they like to be in control, and I like to be in control myself.
3928	'I think this ambivalence and this absolute lack of clarity from Labour about the biggest issue of our time, sort of dithering rather helplessly in the middle of the road, is only going to make their fate even worse.'
3929	"I think this is the way of the future for the Air Force," Shepherd added.
3930	I think though that the hospitals and other healthcare facilities operators, in particular, could be most affected if the bill passes.
3931	“I think trials and exposing the brutality of ISIS and trying to make a dent in some of their shiny propaganda by showing that it’s not a holy war and showing what they’re really doing to children, to women, is one way to help that,” she added.
3932	I think we are all excited to see what the finished, rejuvenated lake will look like!”
3933	“I think we are good for it,” he said.
3934	I think we bought IMES.
3935	"I think we can do better than last season," Mourinho said after his biggest victory as United manager.
3936	“I think we’re playing them at a good time because they don’t have a quarterback,” he said.
3937	“I think we’ve heard from a lot of people, especially trying to start a business, that there were too many onerous regulations and burdens put on them,” Smith said.
3938	“I think what’ll happen is when there’s a consensus among both houses of the Legislature and the governor about a budget for the next fiscal year the effective date issue will evaporate because people will get on board to vote for it then.”
3939	“I think when you have been working for something so hard for so long.
3940	I thought that decision had been made in The Force Awakens!
3941	“I thought we would have a pretty good start and I feel like we should carry this throughout the season,” said Green Mountain pitcher Matthew Ramirez after picking up his fourth victory on the mound this season.
3942	It includes the construction of four turn lanes on Highway 71, along with the installation of intersection lighting and an extension of the bypass lane at Highway 200 near Itasca State Park.
3943	It involves plant-based cooking, with the majority of each meal focused on fruits and vegetables, whole grains, beans and seeds, with a few nuts and a heavy emphasis on extra virgin olive oil.
3944	It is a broad conical shaped tree has glossy dark green leaves producing goblet shaped creamy flowers, which are highly fragrant, from late summer to early autumn.
3945	It is a fountain of deliciousness and carbs.
3946	It is all Malaysians’ choice, not some individual’s choice,” he said, adding Malaysia could no longer compete based on low-cost manufacturing industries.
3947	It is also a portrait of marvellous weirdness, the satellite characters exuding idiosyncrasies you can scarcely believe they would parade before a camera.
3948	It is also important for a couple to give their adult children a glimpse into their life, and for those same children to be familiar ahead of time on details they might need when illness or death come.
3949	It is also jettisoning production equivalent to 47,600 barrels a day (b/d), with proceeds aimed at repaying debt.
3950	“It is always preferable to leave a cassowary in its home range but in this instance the proximity to homes meant the risk of future attacks was considered unacceptably high.”
3951	It is an economic and employment engine for the UAE and the region.
3952	“It is because this SP government does not want to do justice to farmers, since it is hell bent on destroying the state, it is furthering favouritism and casteism and is interested in vote-bank politics,” Mr. Modi claimed.
3953	It is believed that 70% of type 2 cases could actually be prevented simply by keeping your weight under control, exercising more, eating healthier and not smoking.
3954	"It is brilliant," the man of the match Ritchie, said.
3955	It is certainly difficult to see Ross Ford ever breaking back into this side, and the same goes for Greig.
3956	“It is contagious and empowers us to set and achieve the highest standards with the confidence of knowing we are united in the common goals of making Temecula the best it can be.
3957	It is easy to overlook how well-entrenched Kimberly-Clark's products have become.
3958	“It is equally rampant in Gandhi Nagar, Mada Streets in Mylapore.
3959	It is especially important for the United States to act as a steadying force, by demonstrating its continued willingness to work with Malaysia through this difficult period and beyond.
3960	It is estimated tidal power alone could generate 20 per cent of the UK’s energy needs.
3961	It is expected that Samsung note 8 will include a snapdragon 835 processor, with 6GB of RAM and a 3300 mAh battery ensuring that the battery reliable, and safe.
3962	“It is for Zanu PF to search its conscience and do the right thing.
3963	It is founded on a qualitatively presentable reality - of our current state as colonised people and our history; not to mention our rich historical identities.
3964	It is good when youths in the district get busy with things like these," Lomoni explained.
3965	“It is here!” said Kysh, With the air and gesture of Captain Nemo, and half turned.
3966	It is hoped that this will ultimately work in placing Longville as the place to truly live and work," added Hylton Coleman.
3967	It is important to remember that the “reforms” were not introduced because the generals suddenly had decided to become liberal democrats but to break their international isolation in order to lessen their dependence on China.
3968	It is just over 20 feet tall and attracts plenty of attention along our road!”
3969	It is learnt the Commissionerate had to scale down the security of its officers to provide security to the local politicians.
3970	It is led today by Erel; Noam Shapira, vice president of research and development; and Tsvika Vagman, chief revenue officer.
3971	It is less a lifestyle than a life which is probably an indication that I should have built another life.
3972	It is likely the last hurrah (to quote Ronald Reagan’s prophecy about Marxism) of “a chapter in human history whose last pages are even now being written.”
3973	It is like that old saying ‘you don’t give someone the fish, you teach them how to fish’ and she is really great at doing that.”
3974	It is necessary to have transparency but that does not fight corruption all by itself.
3975	It is not 2000."
3976	It is not a Brady imperative.
3977	It is not an anti-Epicurean “moderation” in the Western sense.
3978	It is not just the editor and the writers that make a good opinion section, but also the interaction with the readers.
3979	It is not uncommon for police to receive an alarm from a school building in the middle of the night.
3980	“It is now difficult for people to defect to the APC, instead, our members are being taken away and lured with gifts to other parties.
3981	It is of course the famed hot dog eating contest, and not just because hot dogs (and apple pie) are the all-American foods.
3982	It is one of the beloved and most familiar of the Resurrection narratives.
3983	It is one of the most important Muslim practices — the Five Pillars of Islam — and just the second below the shahada, which is the sincere recitation of the Muslim profession of faith.
3984	It is one of those things that just makes so much sense on paper it is a little baffling.
3985	It is on record that the old president has visited that country twice this year all for medical attention.
3986	It is painful for me that the government of Belize has found me too outspoken.
3987	It is recognised as one of the major dredging companies in the world.
3988	It is seen as necessary due to the increase in vehicles from the recently approved 250-home Bicknor Green estate, with many objectors to the development citing an increase in traffic as their main concern.
3989	It is significant space, and he said they are working thoughtfully to put something there that will serve residents and tenants of Hood Park, but also draw in residents from Charlestown.
3990	It is simply a blow-by-blow description of how the doctors, hospitals, pharmaceuticals, and insurance all rip us off through greed, collusion, corruption, and absolute theft.
3991	It is so glaringly obvious they are all deceived by the same evil source and are playing for the same team….which team would ALREADY be in control of all freedoms if good men do not have arms to defend against them.
3992	“It is such a joy to see the young people,” said Marjory Carpenter of Hudson.
3993	It is surely hard to believe but this…
3994	It is that no matter whatever he says, a Bully he’ll always appear!
3995	It is the manufacturing and use of these goods that influences demand for commodities.
3996	It is, therefore, very disappointing that there are reports emerging of MPs planning to oppose the bill.
3997	It is this time of year that yellow jackets nest discoveries reach their peak.
3998	It is time to go and the momentum is good enough.
3999	It is unknown if he is armed.
4000	It is what it is – a promising season made all the more challenging by the most decimating of injuries, and a few more to boot.
4001	It is wider than our entire state,” Scott said.
4002	"It is worthy of note that some countries such as Britain, USA and France among others provided one form of assistance to the military in our effort so far in the North East.
4003	It just seemed to me, people came into this underprepared.”
4004	It knows your face.
4005	“It’ll be 38 units of affordable housing, three bedrooms mostly,” said Reverend Luis Cortes.
4006	It’ll show them that there is someone out there just like you.”
4007	“It looks like an all too familiar, although arguably even more aggressive, corporate-driven TPP-style agenda,” Scott Sinclair, a trade expert with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, told me in an email.
4008	It looks like she's officially ditched those dreamy signature waves from her days for good (*cue the brief moment of silence for the most envy-worthy hair of my teenage years*).
4009	It looks like there is still a lot of time left, but we all know how time can move fast and events creep up on us.
4010	It looks like voters in the Petersburg borough will be deciding a long list of elected positions and ballot questions this October.
4011	It makes people’s short time here more enjoyable and – who doesn’t like cake and desserts?”
4012	It may also help people recover from injuries.
4013	It may also induce patients to volunteer for the wrong reasons as research subjects in clinical trials.
4014	“It may be that Katherine has suffered further mental health issues and died by suicide or accident.”
4015	It may be the cheapest car Audi makes, and the smallest as well, but there’s no scrimping in the cabin.
4016	It may therefore seem to you that sometimes we complain too much back here on Partridge Street.
4017	It means a lot that people still remember him."
4018	It means a lot to me, personally.
4019	“It means a lot to us not only to be playing postseason, but to do it as seniors and knowing that we’re leaving the program better than we found it,” Simmons said.
4020	It means broad national agreement on the terms of a soft Brexit, and basic aims over issues such as the divorce bill.
4021	It meant England avoided a first qualifying defeat since October 2009.
4022	It might also pose a serious threat to the prime minister’s political standing.
4023	“It might have been logistics.
4024	It might not even be a huge deal to go a day or two without seeing your child.
4025	It often feels as though the media, and by extension the public, are only interested in the system’s failures and not in young people such as me, who are thriving, with futures that look bright.
4026	I told my GF earlier this is like "Throwing a calculus test a kid in remedial algebra".
4027	“I told my mother and she had an idea…get all of the school to do the drive,” Julia said.
4028	“It probably is the right time but if I wasn’t injured, I think that I probably would have went longer,” said Kim.
4029	It pushed the Lancers over the top for the regional title after they’d finished second in the region in 2016 and 2014.
4030	“It raises fewer questions about what is motivating the Fed’s choice of monetary policy.”
4031	“I travel the country doing Civil War reenactments to honor our ancestors.
4032	I tried to get my leash off, but I couldn’t, so I bailed, hit bottom, and got a little bit cut up.
4033	“I tried to make her take dance,” Jennifer said.
4034	It runs longer and weighs less, and guests with special needs can check them out for free.
4035	I try to eat healthy, and the holidays are a very difficult time to do that because there is food everywhere!
4036	It’s about this constant you know, “He’s not going to run,” then, “If he runs, he’s gonna drop out.”
4037	It’s a complete solution that’s quick and easy to set up, and has everything your child could want out of the box.
4038	It’s a follow up to his water-focussed masterpiece Vertigo Sea and while it’s a little more repetitive and not as moving, it’s still a beautifully shot epic poem to environmentalism.
4039	It's a function of a hateful ideology that was imported from elsewhere.
4040	It’s a good line, although it’s not the first time Kellyanne Conway has used it — it’s not even the first time she’s used it on George Stephanopoulos.
4041	It’s a great chance to unwind after a hectic weekend, while at the same time, enjoying the live boxing and some high quality entertainment.
4042	"It's a heck of a lot clearer now than it ever was."
4043	It’s a heritage.
4044	It said that more than 4 million visits were recorded at its flagship store in Ballymun.
4045	“It’s a journey and they are enjoying it so much.
4046	It’s almost a bonus to have the poetry it accompanies and contextualizes.
4047	It’s a long subject and a difficult one for a lot of people.
4048	Its also crazy to say he is the best QB available.
4049	It’s also fun when it catches the light and flashes into someone’s eyes.
4050	It’s also not possible to accurately diagnose someone without personally interviewing and examining them, so there is a caveat to their professional opinions.
4051	It's also Swift's first song to interpolate music from another artist, when she references Right Said Fred's "I'm Too Sexy" creepy-sexy delivery on the chorus.
4052	It’s also the same argument you’ve heard on a Fox News segment.
4053	It's also true, though, that some juggalos have committed acts of real-life violence.
4054	It’s always interesting playing psychiatric roles, such as a manic patient where you go in and you literally never stop talking.
4055	It’s always nice to see his singles game.
4056	"It's a major blow that US have pulled out this championship means that we will only have teams from Africa and Middle East participating.
4057	It’s amazing, and I”m blessed to be at a school like this.
4058	It's an amazing feeling to hear someone tell you that."
4059	It’s an amazing movie and it’s hilarious."
4060	It's an awesome feeling.
4061	“It’s an extremely proactive approach to policing,” McCabe said.
4062	It's a non-judgmental place where parents simply understand the rigor and challenges of parenting a child on the spectrum.
4063	“It’s a once in a lifetime opportunity.”
4064	“It’s a perfectly fine phone.”
4065	“It’s a (project) size that we can do immediately from a financial standpoint,” he added.
4066	It’s as easy as seven stickers and you get a free coffee, or buy this T-Shirt and get 10% off now.
4067	It’s a sentiment shared by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) who has asked for a ‘clean replace’ the same day as a repeal of Obamacare, and criticized the House committee’s lack of transparency when drafting the bill.
4068	It’s a stock response of every White House press secretary who’s either caught off guard or is trying to dodge a sticky question.
4069	“It’s a totally unique situation in American history,” said senior House Republican Tom Cole.
4070	Its battery-powered alternative is quiet and small enough so that women can slip it into their bra and pump wherever they want.
4071	It's become a useful term as we enter the second act of these propaganda wars.
4072	"It's becoming increasingly prevalent and court orders can be difficult to enforce — we unfortunately become the enforcers in those circumstances," Mr Thomson said.
4073	It’s been amazing seeing all the creeks running so high and fast!
4074	It’s been a quarter-century since Congress substantially reformed the immigration system.
4075	"It's been a wild, crazy and wonderful ride.
4076	"It's been a wonderful experience.
4077	It’s been funny seeing reviews of it and everyone saying — and they could be positive reviews, but they’re always like, “It’s a great record, but more of the same from Real Estate.”
4078	It’s been fun to be part of his journey.”
4079	It’s been two years since my last girlfriend.
4080	It’s comfort and distance; that’s what you learn” from real-world tests.
4081	“It’s cool to hear that I get to rep Las Vegas in that way,” Uelmen said of being the highest Southern Nevada pick this year.
4082	“It’s definitely going to be put to good use,” Milkweed Drive resident Karen Link said.
4083	It’s difficult for these entities to balance their regulations within the overlay of Laguna’s charm and history.
4084	Its diffractive system means it won’t affect your vision, either.
4085	It’s easier to just order in a pizza — but that’s not an option for me and Widdle, because we live 14 miles from the closest restaurant.
4086	It seemed, he said, that Trump was “looking to get something in exchange” for his job.
4087	It’s essentially about favouritism and sibling rivalry – when Joseph’s older brothers decide to gang up on him and get rid of him, because he is their father’s favourite.
4088	“It’s exciting that they’re being held accountable for at least part of the blame.”
4089	Its execution makes it shine above all other items.
4090	It's exhilarating in the same way."
4091	It's expected the issue will make its way back to the Supreme Court eventually.
4092	It’s fucking crazy.
4093	It’s funny because I always wanted to get a little job in New York.
4094	“It’s giving a voice to the voiceless,” Scott tells ABC Radio.
4095	It’s globalization: the expansion of so-called “global value chains” — supply chains that manufacture components for a final product in many countries.
4096	It’s going to be an uphill battle.
4097	"It’s going to be a tremendous few minutes of my lifetime,” he said before leaving Massillon.
4098	“It’s great that we have both the men’s and women’s programs participating in the national tournament at that level,” Kennedy said.
4099	It’s hard to block field goals because of the rules.
4100	“It’s hard to say who was better than Otto Graham.
4101	It shook the country to the core, and prompted cries of “revolution” from both sides of the struggle.
4102	It should have been myrobalan nuts (hirda) and babul bark.
4103	It should look better a plain old standard 1080p set, as well.
4104	It should make anyone think twice about taking an exotic Third World vacation where life outside the luxury resort isn’t what it seems.
4105	It should surprise no one that ExxonMobil, the world’s largest oil company, does a lot of science.
4106	“It’s imperative we do it right, not quickly,” he said.
4107	“It's important to understand that the effects can be stealth.
4108	“It’s in between the teeth where the teeth touch together, that’s a place where you can’t see in between the teeth, so the X-ray is really important to show you those areas,” she said.
4109	It's in exploring these relationships between characters that the book shines.
4110	It's in our, in your hands, to build the republic," Puigdemont said.
4111	It’s interesting, we would rather trust a human being than a computer, even if we’re told that the computer is safer.
4112	It’s just about grifting as much money for himself as he can and then skipping town when the lenders try to collect.
4113	It's just so difficult.
4114	It’s kind of a natural fit and it just worked perfectly.
4115	"It's kind of ominous, knowing that it's out there.
4116	It's less backlash you get from the pupils.'
4117	It’s like 5000g of sugar in a tablespoon.
4118	“It’s like conducting an orchestra,” Rubino said.
4119	“It’s like our home festival – for both me and J.P.,” he said, adding it is “a perfect place” to release the CD.
4120	It’s like this — if you were playing water sports and taking a golden shower with seven guys, you would put them under a waterfall to drink from so that they would never run out of urine.
4121	Its long protracted struggle enabled the Allies to gather strength.
4122	It’s ludicrous,” stated Grand Council Chief Hare.
4123	It’s more Ealing, than Hollywood,” before Daniels joked; “But that doesn’t mean we’re not all shagging each other.”
4124	“It’s much easier than trying to figure out shipping,” he said.
4125	"It's my dream job," she says.
4126	It’s naive to expect that the existence of a Riot-funded association won’t discourage the players from going the more expensive and difficult route of forming their own independent union.
4127	It’s no secret that the Millennial generation is the most politically independent generation in the US.
4128	"It's not about a greed complex.
4129	It's not a lie!
4130	"It's not a mandate from the NHL, but a recommendation that 22 other facilities in our league have already acted on.
4131	It’s not a popular position here, but he wasn’t the only one perplexed by being leapfrogged by two other QBs.
4132	It’s not even comparative shopping.
4133	“It’s not going to happen,” he said.
4134	It's nothing against Aljaz.
4135	“It’s not just for individuals.
4136	It’s not just that taking police and judges away from their normal duties to enforce an issue that’s the responsibility of the federal government means less availability to deal with real, immediate threats.
4137	It’s not right,” the first witness added.
4138	It’s not so bad in Tessa, her village in rural Niger, where she lives with her three children, her husband, his first wife Halimatou Soumana, and Halimatou’s five children.
4139	"It's not the way we thought we would win.
4140	« 'It's now or never': local Juventus fans prepare for Cardiff final Fighting for their life: the cost of crossing the Mediterranean »
4141	It's one guy that can kind of turn it loose and run it.
4142	It’s one last summer, and two more semesters, until the real world beckons and college is just another something you remember.
4143	It’s one of those life changing, life-defining moments where you never forget where you were, what you saw and how you reacted.
4144	It's one thing to have a bar in the store, but it's a completely different, next-level-of-awesome animal to let visitors shop with it in tow.
4145	It's only available at one pool right now, but worth the drive because it's SO challenging.
4146	Its order was issued just hours before Arthur is set to die by lethal injection on Thursday night.
4147	It’s possible Curry’s reaction Sunday was in response to that reaction from James last year.
4148	It’s probably good for them.
4149	It's probably not the ones you think.
4150	“It’s probably one of the more impressive incident scenes I’ve seen in a while.
4151	It’s really a good thing,” said Helen Perkins, a resident living in Oak Ridge.
4152	It's really an apples and oranges comparison.
4153	It’s really been quite a remarkable success.
4154	“It’s really nice to meet you,” she said, before introducing the 6 God to her son.
4155	“It’s really sweet because you never see people like that.”
4156	Its regional plans, which are published every few decades, are meant to be aspirational, but they are often considered by state and local agencies embarking on infrastructure projects.
4157	It’s sad when it comes down to it and it took him all of 30 seconds.”
4158	It’s safe to assume that the machines have kept busy in the interim, and whatever they are doing with Osiris cannot be good.
4159	It’s shameful that somebody filled with so much well documented hatred and racism can feel so emboldened to do something like this in the most liberal city in the country.
4160	Its share prices plunged to a five-year low on Monday as GE’s new chief executive revealed plans to pare the industrial conglomerate to just three units: power, aviation and health care.
4161	It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.'
4162	“It’s simple advice but it works,” says lead author Brad Bushman, PhD.
4163	It’s simple: “Broad City” is awesome.
4164	It’s something that I’m proud of and I’m sure Pimp would be proud of, too.”
4165	It’s starting to feel a lot like winter in BC and that means most people will be cranking up the thermostat at home.
4166	It's still a little bit mysterious exactly how hostile it was, but they buy it in a hostile takeover, and the first thing they do is fire all of the executives and close down the headquarters.
4167	It's still in the air.
4168	It’s subtle and delicious.
4169	It started when Gwen Svekis singled to right field, scoring Cherish Burks from third and advancing Alexis Mack to third.
4170	It's that time of year — Sugar Plum fairies dancing in delight, the Mouse…
4171	“It’s the blood that is infused by the spirit, the attitude, and the courage of its namesake.
4172	It’s their tramp stamp, & only bad people go for them for the majority anyway.
4173	It’s the kind of head-scratcher that makes you wonder how lucratice the India market really is, or how much Vince really loves throbbing veins showing on his wrestlers.
4174	"It's the perfect symbol for this city and its heritage.
4175	It’s the some of the greatest value we can provide.
4176	“It’s the things you’re not told.”
4177	"It's time for me to retire from politics."
4178	It’s time to walk back from the brink, while there’s still time.
4179	It's traditional for the president to rotate graduation speaking duties among the AFA, the Military Academy and Naval Academy.
4180	It’s true that the game relies too heavily on the player’s understanding of body language and intent.
4181	It’s unclear if she had the same message for Mr. Trudeau, however.
4182	It surprised me because she's a big fan.
4183	It’s very cool.”
4184	It’s very difficult for the individual woman to bring a claim.
4185	“It’s very disturbing to have your daughter’s photos be exploited on social media without your consent,” said the girl’s mother.
4186	"It's very emotional each time I watch it."
4187	“It’s very nice in the paper and everything, but now it’s about talking on the pitch,” he said.
4188	It’s very tough for that group to get that jump forward.
4189	It's what my parents and aunts and uncles did, always involved in the church and in school.”
4190	It's what national champions do."
4191	It’s when you’re given time off of work and school to go out and protest, even while being paid by organizers to do so.
4192	It’s why I’m exploring more book and podcast ideas now — I feel like it’s not really sustainable to pitch individual articles to individual editors forever.
4193	“It’s working out very nicely,” Trump told reporters Saturday.
4194	It’s worth noting that women aren’t barred from joining teams with males or competing in the larger tournament events – but it’s rare to see them make it past the qualifiers, enter the final rounds and win the big bucks.
4195	“It’s wrong to talk about law and order when our criminal justice system is out of order and the new Jim Crow is incarcerating too many Black and Brown and even poor Whites.
4196	It takes a lot of strength and ability to lift each other.
4197	It takes three to six months to gain proficiency in Krav Maga, but John says his one-day intensive course gives women the basic skills.
4198	It takes time, luck, will and a lot of money.
4199	It takes up significantly less space on a ship than steam systems, and works by tapping into a redesigned turbine system that generates more power than those on old carriers.
4200	It tastes good and it's good for you and all those things, but it absolutely becomes secondary to the love that you feel when you walk in the door.
4201	It tells me that we will turn a racist blind eye for a Jamaican patty or some Filipino meat on a stick.
4202	It therefore reinforces the need for strenuous efforts by society to prevent violence and other adverse childhood experiences.
4203	It took around five days for Leena to pick up the basic paddling strokes and the blade movement for maintaining a stable posture on the kayak.
4204	It took jurors eight and a half hours over two days to find Douglas Garland guilty on Thursday of the revenge motivated killings of a Calgary couple and their little grandson.
4205	It took only an elaborately braided toggle coat and a velvet headband seeded with pearls to guess that Joseph Altuzarra had been inspired by Renaissance portraits.
4206	It translates roughly as: bloody hell, yes.
4207	“It turns out he also does revolutionary war reenactments, and so they have these connections with their eccentricity is and they realize that their hearts are meant for each other and they end up kind of showing Jenna that pure true love can exist.”
4208	It unanimously, found that Ghana did not violate the sovereign rights of Côte d’Ivoire.
4209	It warned "in the event of a slowdown or an upward adjustment in interest rates, high debt service payments and default risk could pose challenges to corporates, and thereby create headwinds for GDP growth."
4210	It was a beautiful day — not too hot, not too cold — and perfect for croquet.
4211	It was a big turnover that led to the Steelers first touchdown of the game.
4212	It was a closer battle in the men’s 10km race with the top three clearing out from early on before a sprint finish to decide the placings, with just seven seconds covering the trio.
4213	It was a combination, he said, of bad luck meeting even worse timing.
4214	“It was actually a neighbor that heard him yelling through the bathroom window while he was trapped that called the police,” the relative said.
4215	"It was a horrific crime — one that has no place on Facebook, and goes against our policies and everything we stand for," Facebook VP of Global Operations Justin Osofsky said Monday.
4216	It was a hot summer day in 2012 when City Manager Bob Brown joined a group of architects touring downtown Perry, looking for inspiration as the city prepared to embark on a Downtown Revitalization Master Plan.
4217	“It was all the way around the block and partway around again.
4218	It was also claimed he said to the other victim that he had sexsomnia.
4219	It was also the legal framework that sanctioned a morally absurd worldwide war.
4220	It was applied to guys who were completely off limits for discussion.
4221	It was a privilege to do the job.
4222	“It was a real thrill,” he said, “because this was back when they had those huge concerts with the drums spinning in the air and the whole works.”
4223	“It was a stoppable shot,” he said.
4224	It was a super-useful use of public funds!
4225	It was a very bad experience which I will never forget.
4226	“It was a very efficient general-purpose ax, especially proper for woodworking,” said Gishan Schaeren, an archaeologist with the Office for Monuments and Archaeology in the Swiss canton (or state) of Zug.
4227	It was business as usual, given recent events.
4228	“It was called, so it should be reviewed by the league.
4229	“It was certainly a case of blood, sweat, and tears, but we’re so glad we battled on.
4230	It was certainly her, alright.
4231	It was clear to many on Tuesday that Wesson and Goodwin rank among the top players in the state in their recruiting classes.
4232	“It was decided that Hindu-Muslim joint groups will keep vigil at night not only in neighbourhoods, but also at religious places.
4233	It was estimated that up to 8,000 fines have been suspended, and 1,643 fines have been withdrawn.
4234	“It was formerly a tied mine, there are other value propositions that made it compelling to support the case, that’s why they ticked it off.
4235	It was fun to learn more about firefighters and courts that I didn’t know about.”
4236	It was gathered that two other men who were in the house at the time of the attack hid in the wardrobe and toilet.
4237	'It was heartbreaking': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she.
4238	It was imposed after the Agia Zoni II, a small tanker, sank Sept. 9 while anchored in calm seas off Salamina island, near Piraeus.
4239	It was involved in some type of artillery fight and the exploding lights and sounds were magnificent, while being frighteningly dangerous, at the same time.
4240	"It was July and we had been talking about Christmas, so I made up this story about Santa taking everything to Southern California.
4241	“It was just a very natural thing,” Mandel said to THR.
4242	It was listed by Linda Statam of Corcoran Group and sold by Georgette Michon of Douglas Elliman Real Estate.
4243	“It was literally overnight.”
4244	It was moving rapidly from north to south.
4245	It was No.1 on the iTunes store worldwide but parents were outraged and appalled at revelations that children have been asked to send naked pictures of themselves to anonymous users within the app.
4246	It was not until El Andaloussi climbed higher than Montenegro’s keeper to flick a long ball forward over him for Gibraltar’s goal that Gibraltar did not spark into action.
4247	It wasn't long before Morton's compositions and virtual instrument design began to show up on albums, television shows and feature films.
4248	It wasn’t that she always loved her East Harlem subjects, but you can always tell when she was turned on by them—by their physicality, mind, or interiority.
4249	“It wasn’t their fault,” she said of the two strangers now forever entwined with her family’s history.
4250	It wasn’t until 1967 that Campbell’s career as a solo musician began to gain momentum.
4251	It wasn’t until four hours later, after his opponent rescinded the grievance because he realized that no rules were actually being broken, that he was able to resume campaigning.
4252	It wasn’t until I got moved to the A-side that I realized I’d starve if I tried to go pro.
4253	It wasn’t until the last six overs that the big runs really began to leak, but along with it came regular wickets that stymied Pakistan’s charge in the slog overs.
4254	It was one of the first hotels constructed on the island and soon became popular with celebrities including actress Greta Garbo and film tycoon Howard Hughes.
4255	It was published on April 18, 2017 and is available from Barnes & Noble and Amazon.
4256	"It was reported at the time to the director and board of trustees and the police, who did not take the matter further.
4257	It was sent to the South Coast Herald by Peter Lilliecrona.
4258	It was, simply, a consortium of people who refused to remain silent in the face of open bigotry and reactionary politics.
4259	It was skill when you won, cheating when you lost.”
4260	It was supposed to earn returns on its investment through “major business in retail” – high rents from shop owners.
4261	It was the beginning of what, through three generations, is now a long family friendship.
4262	It was the best I could find.
4263	“It was the days of the speakeasies, bootleggers, flappers, plentiful jobs and stocks being bought for 10 cents on the dollar.
4264	"It was the general consensus we're going to rebrand, we're going to move forward with a new direction to the football team and try to resurrect the senior summer football program."
4265	It was the Greeks who had trouble with the names pronunciation and much later coined the word Gyros which means “to spin or turn.”
4266	It was then that I realized we were 43 points from a free lunch.
4267	It was there that Sluder connected with Hoel for his first of two perfectly thrown passes over the middle to Hoel that resulted in touchdowns.
4268	It was the spooky sounding A Ghost Story, which reunited Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara with the filmmaker.
4269	It was the start of a long, torturous romance — torturous because Camilla became a puppet on a string.
4270	“It was very depressing and very hopeless, but it’s the only thing you can do, so you do what you can do,” the newspaper quoted her as saying.
4271	It went on to say the district is seeing about 600 new students each year and don’t expect the first charter school in Kyle to impact their growth.
4272	It will allow us to build safer systems, such as self-driving cars and home robotics.
4273	“It will also show that DAP is the real leader of Pakatan Harapan,” he said in a statement published on the PAS Facebook account.
4274	"It will be dominated by climate change, by free trade, by immigration, and these are issues where Trump is — more or less — alone."
4275	It will be his first time calling Cup Series action of any kind for Fox, though the network notes that he helped with an XFINITY Series race broadcast last summer.
4276	“It will be interesting to see if people are not just there for the eclipse, but for the spiritual side, too.”
4277	It will be surprising if McGregor holds his own in the fight, and genuinely shocking if he actually wins.
4278	It will be there through early February.
4279	It will be the third-best domestic box office earner of 2017 by Christmas day.
4280	It will be up to a team to take a chance on him despite consistency and injury history, but the payoff could be large.
4281	It will identify next steps, cost estimates, community benefits, easement needs and logical project section priorities.
4282	It will include about 600,000 square feet of office space, along with a residential tower on each block with a combined 149 units.
4283	It will run from the 7th of February, which was two days ago, and will run up until the 21st of February, which is a week after Valentine’s Day has ended.
4284	It will tell users what will cause problems that day and advise them to have their inhaler, or even a breathing mask, at the ready, he explains.
4285	It won’t be long until Obama and his wife start raising money for the Barack Obama Foundation, which is developing his presidential library and center in Chicago.
4286	It won't be quite that much, since trade will adjust based on the taxes, and in the long run the dollar will rise.
4287	It won't confirm a name of the victim or address of the shootout.
4288	It works as it always has.
4289	It would also eliminate the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness, which coordinates the federal response to homelessness across 19 federal agencies.
4290	It would be nice if politicians who eschew liberal social policy when it suits them, could tackle financial regulation through institutionalised investment in the alcohol industry.
4291	It would be premature to assume job creation will experience eye-popping gains under Donald Trump.
4292	It would be too smooth and soft to perform effectively in its intended function of binding to other bricks.
4293	It would fit into the “kill two birds with one stone” department.
4294	"It would have been fun, man!"
4295	I understand that tenders for the project were recently received and a tender report is now being prepared by LCETB’s Design Team.
4296	I understand there has been some speculation about my health.
4297	“I used to pay R50 for my water usage; I now pay in the thousands.”
4298	“I usually ask who’s there before opening it but I just thought it was my partner coming back home.
4299	Ivanov also stated that it was the KGB's job to get to the bottom of things and figure out 'all of the possible groups which might have worked behind the scenes to organize and plan' the president's assassination.
4300	I’ve attended every type of schooling system (public, private, Catholic, university).
4301	"I've been called a prophet, I've been called a wizard, I've been called a guru."
4302	I’ve been exposed to so many sad stories that I don’t think my brain fully processes all that I’ve heard.
4303	I’ve been in the bike industry for about 33 years now, bike and ski industry, I should say, working for other shops.
4304	I’ve been trying to live my life as far away as possible from this stuff for a long time.
4305	I’ve eaten a lot of things in a lot of places.
4306	I’ve found one on Ebay.
4307	I’ve got a sensitive side I didn’t know I had and some days I’ll cry just because I’m so proud of her.
4308	“I’ve got a ton of confidence in them,” Toronto manager John Gibbons said of his players.
4309	“I’ve had a good career.
4310	I've had a look at the report and it mostly focuses on eSports gambling, which is authentic genuine gambling.
4311	I’ve had the extraordinary experience, in Kabul, of walking among and learning from angry, desperate, and rejected young men, and young women.
4312	I’ve made my own calculations along the Big Dig with O’Brien’s help.
4313	“I’ve never been in a place with so many passionate and political and beautiful people,” she said on a recent Monday morning, just before starting her workday.
4314	“I’ve never come through this lobby and not seen someone I know,” says Deason, a Dallas-based fundraiser for Trump’s election campaign.
4315	"I've never counted it up.
4316	I've overheard fans in Chicago(!) last year remark at how many Flyers fans were there.
4317	I’ve read reports about the diplomatic community (being hit).
4318	I’ve worn heels or wedgies everyday for 2 years now.
4319	I waited a little bit, I was really nervous.
4320	'I walked out into the common area to see if the lifts are moving, to see if people are in a hassle – nothing.
4321	I wanted to create a kind of underpinning of sickness – that there’s some invisible force or cancer in the movie itself.
4322	I wanted to go to college and become a psychiatrist.
4323	I want something for around $5,000 that is reliable enough and maybe even a bit practical, but I don’t want to have to worry about it getting damaged or stolen.
4324	“I want the community to know that these men and women that work here are committed to doing the right thing.
4325	I want the volunteers in there alongside trained staff, in a partnership.
4326	“I want to congratulate the operatives, I am sure you will find the training useful in your career”, he said.
4327	I want to enjoy the freedom of knowing that I can trust You with every detail of life.
4328	I want to ensure that students on campus, particularly first-years, have adequate access to safety resources on our campus.
4329	I want to go back, but the glass doesn’t open.
4330	I want to see people in politics doing more to change these unjust laws.
4331	I want to see safety improvements on the A34 and other roads in the area, and will be seeking funding to make this happen.
4332	“I want to take this opportunity to reiterate the party’s sole agenda during this leadership election is to ensure a fair, open, honest and transparent election.”
4333	I want us to do whatever I can to tell the authorities to look here, look there.”
4334	"I was American, and that was all I wanted to be."
4335	‘I was given the best life’
4336	I was in Washington, D.C., last week for a new prophetic prayer initiative called POTUS Shield, which includes Cindy Jacobs, Lou Engle, Rick Joyner and others.
4337	I was joking, I said, you know, Paul, for the last week I’ve been hearing ‘Paul Ryan doesn’t have it.
4338	“I was just hanging on and gritting my teeth.
4339	"I was living alone, in a large space with high ceilings – it was amazing".
4340	I was more welcome there.
4341	I was nervous, I just told myself, 'Do what you have to do'," said Ryding, who is from Bretherton, a small village in Lancashire, England.
4342	I was never a huge Gipson fan.
4343	I wasn't always in this condition.
4344	I was protecting Kevin, who my dad surely would have tried to punch.’
4345	“I was raised with the understanding that apathy could be lethal,” he said.
4346	I was reading about two guys who stalked a woman, kiddnapped and sexually assulted her, let her go and it turns out she works for the sherrif’s department.
4347	“I was really surprised to see the colors of downtown,” he says.
4348	I was shocked to hear Phelps state that he believes he has never swum in an international swimming event that was clean.
4349	I was somehow able to keep this under wraps.
4350	I was thinking maybe we had some little 10 pounder’s swimming around out here, but that is a Canadian sized Flat Tail!
4351	“I was usually developing stories then and pitching them to my editors.
4352	“I went ahead and got her out of the vehicle and I started doing my field sobriety.
4353	I went to the hospital counter but they said there was no such person.
4354	I will be walking on this road all the time so that they can Harvest me.
4355	I will justify this,” Mr. Mehta told the Bench, which included Justices A.M. Khanwilkar and D.Y. Chandrachud.
4356	"I will not complain to the manager because we're second in the league, in the semi-finals of the FA Cup and almost never lose a match.
4357	I wish more people would do it for people that are going through difficult times.”
4358	IWMI’s recent study analyses the cost of faecal waste management in all 2,367 cities in the five states along the Ganga.
4359	"I woke up on Wednesday morning and I decided to change things," Allegri said.
4360	I wonder what Lonzo thinks about all this?
4361	"I won't be here for the 100th, so I'm definitely coming to the 50th," said Wicker.
4362	I work 40 hours every week, 5 nights a week.
4363	“I worked at a potato chip company while I played for the 49ers!”
4364	I would be paying attention to my surroundings enough to be aware of others picking up their pencils and so I’d pick up mine and, fueled by my imagination I’s start creating pictures.
4365	I would cycle more if I felt it was safer and if more people did, that would be less traffic.
4366	I would just do it on the stove top.
4367	I would like government to consider compensating people whose gardens have been excavated and houses demolished."
4368	I would like it still to be public, I’d like it still to be protected.
4369	I would like to express sincere congratulations to Howard University on reaching its sesquicentennial.
4370	I would like to say that I have not been looking too much at the Cyprus Mail until this week.
4371	"I would love for my words to serve as sparks that ignite other people's hearts and creative visions," says band member Nick Young.
4372	“I wouldn't be interested in wasting my time.”
4373	I wouldn’t call it an erotic thriller,” he added.
4374	I would respect some Americans if they did this out of charity or humanitarian concern, but "almost like charity.
4375	“I would say in my career, he was by far one of the best coaches I’ve ever had.
4376	I would say it’s taking the marquee matches,” Lewis said.
4377	I would say the only real significant change is the gift that the heptapods leave us with.
4378	I would simply flash a picture and ask if you they knew the guy.
4379	I would urge you not to.
4380	I would wake up and windows were open.
4381	Jabar Pedro Morarend, 45, was cited for driving after revocation after a suspected vehicle was pulled over in Gordonsville.
4382	Jack Dzuris, executive director of the Streator Area Chamber of Commerce, was a longtime director of the hospital foundation.
4383	Jackie Caldwell contributed reporting to this article.
4384	Jacko was transported to the Anchorage Jail and remanded there on the “No Bail” warrant.
4385	Jackson pulls out his knife and physically fights with Sam; Abigail is thoroughly enjoying their fight.
4386	Jag Capital Management LLC’s holdings in International Business Machines Corporation were worth $1,095,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
4387	Jaguar has already shown us what it believes the steering wheel of the future will look like – now, with the Jaguar FUTURE-TYPE Concept, it’s showing us the rest.
4388	Jaitley had said it was “evident that Kejriwal made per se defamatory statements against the plaintiff (and his family members).
4389	Jamal Branch, 22, is charged with second-degree murder in the May 21 shooting death of 23-year-old Richard Eyerman.
4390	James Edward Evans, age 79, passed peacefully on April 2, 2017 in Amarillo, TX.
4391	James Hodgkinson, a Democrat and fervent critic of President Donald Trump, had gradually become angrier with Washington politics, his wife told The Times.
4392	Jamie Foxx wants to find out.
4393	Jane Austin’s books describe our children’s lives — unless we take back the reins of America.
4394	January 9, 1983: NTR takes over as Chief Minister of A.P., becomes first non-Congress politician to do so in the State.
4395	Japanese Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications Jiro Akama visited Taiwan on Saturday to chair the opening of a tourism fair in Taipei.
4396	Japanese two-way star Shohei Ohtani was introduced as a member of the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday, and he donned his No. 17 jersey for the first time.
4397	Japan is the world's largest net creditor nation, and in uncertain times traders assume Japanese repatriation of overseas funds will eclipse foreign investors' selling of Japanese assets.
4398	Japan will actively court foreign businesses for investments by appointing special advisers to select companies and boosting circulation of English information on the country's up-and-coming industries.
4399	Jason Powell’s member exclusive review of WWE Smackdown: Daniel Bryan addresses the Women’s Money in the Bank finish, Shinsuke Nakamura vs. Dolph Ziggler, Kevin Owens’ open challenge, Jinder Mahal vs. Luke Harper in a non-title match (35:45)…
4400	Javier Ferreira (seated at center) plays William Shakespeare, is surrounded by (from left) Peter Greenberg, Heather Chrisler, Bryan Bosque, Mike Ooi and Martel Manning in the Lifeline Theatre production of “Her Majesty’s Will.”
4401	Jay Emergency Medical Service director Eric Moore said since the start of April, JEMS has responded to 56 overdoses.
4402	Jay Lethal promotes his tag match scheduled two weeks later.
4403	Jay wrote, voiced, and produced UPI radio news spots and features.
4404	Jazz producer George Avakian, Armenian by ethnicity, dies aged 98 - PanARMENIAN.
4405	JC Penney and Sears are “old school”, young people today have no interest in their merchandise.
4406	Jealousy people nobody pulls crowd more than Buhari APC so speak for yourself, you are not in people’s mind, election is secret ballot you don’t need to argue with anybody.
4407	Jeff and Lyn, along with Dee Olsen, Bob Roe, Dave Christianson, and Gary Hartwig from the chamber, are pictured celebrating the move.
4408	Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 168 ($2.26) price target on shares of Serco Group plc in a research report on Friday, August 4th.
4409	Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $51.00 target price on shares of Hancock Holding in a research note on Friday, July 14th.
4410	Jencik created Weird Times by manipulating and combining old demo recordings he made of guitar riffs that were never fully fleshed out into songs.
4411	Jenkins is merely the latest in a line of esteemed filmmakers who are heading to television for longform storytelling.
4412	Jennifer Hudson's "Remember Me" video doesn't really suit the (great) song.
4413	Jennifer is the daughter of Terry and Sharon Moody of Baxley.
4414	Jennifer Woodside and Deb Bailey are also at the table.
4415	Jenny Durkan and Cary Moon Met for their First Debate Since the Primary Election:Questions focused on homelessness and housing policy.
4416	Jenny ran down the stairs to the back of the house while Glenn stopped next to the front door.
4417	Jeremy Dellis - Jefferies International Ltd.
4418	Jesse, you made a very important point.
4419	Jessica Bradford finished first with a time of 23:27.61, followed by Noemi Lozado (24:02.99) and Haley Magueyal (24:46.01), all of Nashville.
4420	Jim Danzenbaker of Battle Ground, Wash., writes, “A good friend of mine has a cure for birds that attack their reflections in windows — Saran Wrap on the windows.
4421	Jimmy has served in the United States Army Reserve and retired as a Staff Sergeant.
4422	Jim proposed behind Louise’s soda shop on Chincoteague with a ring he had purchased from Sears, Roebuck & Company when he was 19 and Marlene was 15 years old.
4423	Jim Snowberger, and his wife Kelli, thought of the idea to create an event called "Trick-or-Treat with a Veteran" in hopes of giving kids a chance to roam around town and collect candy, while still keeping safety in mind.
4424	Jishnu Pratap succeeded in presenting a captivating recital on the second day of Ravana’s Nirvahana.
4425	JMP Securities expects to receive OR intends to seek compensation for investment banking services from Loxo Oncology, Inc. in the next 3 months.
4426	Jobs have been lost in all of our industries.
4427	Jobs were added across all sectors.
4428	Joe is someone we can all be proud to call mayor.
4429	John Bunker poses with a deer he shot in the 2013 hunting season.
4430	JOHN Galindo pulled off a close win to bag the Monthly Medal for May in the Cebu Tenpin Bowling Association (Cetba) Bowler of the Month Tournament at the SM City Cebu Bowling Center last weekend.
4431	“John Graham: Maverick Modernist” will open with a reception and talk on Sunday, May 7, at 11 a.m. at the Parrish Art Museum in Water Mill.
4432	John Lewis said about my inauguration, “It will be the first one that I’ve missed.”
4433	John loved riding his motorcycle and had many friends from the online biker community.
4434	John Rotondi, 43, was hit in his protective vest and treated at a local hospital before being released, police said.
4435	John S. McCain II, who was then the CINCPAC — commander in chief of all U.S. forces in the Pacific region, including Vietnam.
4436	Johnson estimates that he will cover at least 40 miles — possibly more depending on the winds and currents — and will be making more than 50,000 paddle strokes to get around the island.
4437	Johnson felt mixed about her results from the meet, but she was proud of her achievements all the way from her first outdoor meet.
4438	Johnson & Johnson accounts for 0.9% of Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 12th largest position.
4439	Johnson, noting that his youngest grandchild lives in Dayton, said technology greatly enhances long-distance grandparenting.
4440	Johnson, whose career involved working with the Jerome and Twin Falls sheriff’s offices, was a sergeant at the time of the terrorist attacks and said he remembers what he was doing on that infamous morning 16 years ago.
4441	Joining Harvey among social officers are Whitley Hoyland, vice president; Danika Dubose, secretary; and Trinity Sims, historian.
4442	"Joining the military offers the opportunity for a great career, learning new skills and gaining unique experiences not available in civilian life.
4443	Joining them should be the youth-wing members of the so-called secular political parties and also student bodies across the country.
4444	Join the booster club, be a fan, go out of your way to get your car washed by a local team, purchase a ticket to a fundraising night, buy some concessions at the games.
4445	Jolene DeVito, a Carrollton police spokeswoman, told NBC5 that authorities have surveillance footage from neighbors that shows the crime and are seeking additional, clearer footage.
4446	Jonesboro Coach Randy Coleman believes sophomore defensive lineman Kevin Pointer is a unique talent that could play every position on the line.
4447	Jones, Holmes and Abraham each had 10 to round out the double-digit scorers for C-N.
4448	Jong Nam’s body was believed to be on Malaysia Airlines flight MH360 to Beijing, en route to North Korea, that was currently preparing for take off, media said.
4449	Jordan Groom tried to open the front door of the property in Marham Close in Lincoln before being confronted by Joe Gray and his son Seamus.
4450	Jordan has hosted Americans training Syrian rebel fighters.
4451	Jordan Howard comes in 2nd in rushing and only started 13 games…. and his name is no where to be found.
4452	Jose Palma (left) and his son Jose Palma talk about their family's ordeal.
4453	Joseph emphasized after the unimpressive victory that “winning is winning.”
4454	Josh Fruhlinger is a writer and editor who lives in Los Angeles.
4455	Journaids programmes manager, Dingaan Mithi, said women and girls were responding well as far as the dapivirine ring subject is concerned, citing a project they are running in Mchinji with Mudzi Wathu community radio station.
4456	Joy Agus calls her new business more than a "daycare."
4457	JP Aerospace orbital airship - kilometer scale, extremely low density - this has the least temperature of any spaceship during re-entry, because it is so lightweight and large, has a low ballistic coefficient.
4458	JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Glacier Bancorp by 2.4% in the third quarter.
4459	JP Morgan plans to build hubs in Frankfurt, Dublin and Luxembourg - it already has banking licenses in all three.
4460	J. Prins had a pair of kills, as did Niemeyer, followed by two points by the Prins sisters, an ace serve by Jazy and a kill by Shayla which gave the Eagles a 19-15 lead.
4461	Judge not a millennial lest ye feel judged when watching American playwright Aaron Posner’s Stupid F*cking Bird, which opened at Stage West Theatre last Saturday.
4462	Judging by their recent form, Guinea seem to have put their early Russia 2018 qualifying stumbles behind them.
4463	Judging from the following scenes, the boy approaches the Murphy family to take revenge on them as his father seemingly dies at the hand of Steven, the surgeon who operates on him.
4464	Jul 30, 2017 2:44 PM When I coached pee wee football I would not leave a kid at QB if he couldn’t take a snap.
4465	Julian Giantonio was hired Aug. 10, 2015.
4466	Junior Madeline Simms walks to the Women’s March holding a “Black Lives Matter” sign.
4467	Just 19, he will have known that his chances of appearing for the Chelsea first-team next season would be incredibly slim.
4468	Just 7 days after firing Jon Groce, Josh Whitman has found his man.
4469	Just about everything you need to see and do is within walking distance of wherever you happen to be.
4470	Just after 8 a.m. on Friday, August 4, a post was published on the City of Lanesboro's facebook page that stated, "A water main has been hit.
4471	Just a little (OK, a lot of) well-placed bronzer and eyeliner can change a normal-looking girl into anyone from Captain Jack Sparrow to a real-life Disney princess.
4472	Just an example, while the guy is still alive for another couple weeks or whatever…
4473	Just a simple corner route, easily exploited for a touchdown.
4474	Just a way to get further away from the embarrassing TNA initials.
4475	Just a week later they announced a $20 million gift from an anonymous donor.
4476	“Just because a solid day of ground campaigning stretches resources.”
4477	Just bringing in people for the sake of overall growth isn't the solution most people are looking for.
4478	Just continue working and dreaming.
4479	Just give them a call (231.946.4249) and place your order ().
4480	Just hours before he was last seen, CCTV footage shows the 21-year-old Russian student travelling from Clapham Junction to Claygate railway station in Elmbridge at about 3.40pm.
4481	Justice Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s first nominee, joined the court in April, overriding efforts by the Democratic minority to block the nomination.
4482	Just imagine what you can spend your left over budget on!
4483	Justin Turner forced the Cubs to walk right off the field on Sunday night while he and his Dodgers teammates stuck around to celebrate.
4484	Just last week, frequent collaborating producing, Wheezy seemed to insinuate that Thugger was working on the follow up to his Barter 6 project.
4485	"Just like any team who would be drafting in the top four or five would take a look at him and the other players who are there."
4486	Just looking over this page of images this week proves that Autumn is clearly the best time of year for images.
4487	Just this week, Snapchat launched what it called “world lenses,” live video effects that include the ability to plant virtual flowers on the ground, and then have them behave like real objects in the video.
4488	“Just to be able to share with the college community about that is great.”
4489	Just two years later Onnes was awarded the Nobel Prize, which really set off the - still ongoing - hunt for superconductors.
4490	Just under half of all households claim they couldn’t come up with $400 in an emergency without borrowing it.
4491	“Kailyn’s definitely capable of playing well.”
4492	Kako knows how to study.
4493	Kalani celebrates Hawaiian culture as well as healthy lifestyles and transformative experiences.
4494	Kandi Burruss and Kim Zolciak-Biermann did not attend the dinner, but guess who did?
4495	Kane Blake, head of the task force, says the motion sensor cameras are being placed in "hot spots" where people constantly dump their garbage — like forest service roads on Crown land, for example.
4496	Kanye West debuted his Yeezy Season 5 fashion collection during New York Fashion Week on Wednesday at Pier 59 Studios.
4497	Karrueche isn’t exactly the victim in this whole ordeal as she’s been throwing equal shade.
4498	Kathy Cloutier, communications director for Northern Pulp, says the company is investigating the causes of the latest "disappointing" emission test results.
4499	"Katy Perry and Ryan Phillippe were totally flirting at Elton John's birthday party!
4500	K.B. Biswas, Chairman, Central Groundwater Board said his department had been proposing the use of MGNREGA funds for aquifer recharge.
4501	KEARNEY: I do - I like that option.
4502	Kearston Hawkins-Johnson made her professional acting debut as the lead character in “Dragon Play.”
4503	Keen cyclists can sign up now to the southern Dawn Raid — a one-day challenge on 18 June.
4504	Keenum threw for just 167 yards in a 26-9 loss to Pittsburgh.
4505	“Keeping in view the fact that the applicant is a woman, on the basis of corollary drawn from Section 437 Cr.
4506	Keep it simple, stupid!
4507	Keep that up for 10 years, add an 8% rate of return, and you have more than $33,000.
4508	Keep the snaps coming, please!
4509	Keillor's radio show characters were the basis of director Robert Altman's last movie, "A Prairie Home Companion."
4510	Keio University students want a reduction in their fees when they ask for one-year gap in their studies.
4511	Keller said one deputy fired his weapon after seeing a “projectile” come from the vehicle because he thought the suspect was shooting at him.
4512	Kellyanne Conway repeatedly told Fox & Friends viewers to go out and buy Ivanka Trump’s failing clothing line.
4513	Kelly left Oregon in 2013 for the NFL shortly before NCAA sanctions were handed down at the school.
4514	Kelly said he joined ICE agents in San Diego on two house visits to deport people.
4515	Kenneth Gordon Russell, formerly of Southington, age 71 passed away peacefully on Wednesday June 28 surrounded by his family in North Port, Florida.
4516	Kent County Sheriff’s Deputy Jason Wiersma detected the aroma of marijuana when he approached the vehicle, court records show.
4517	Kentucky lawmakers in the coming days will likely approve a measure to repeal the state’s prevailing wage law.
4518	Kentucky State Police are asking for help from the public as they search for a missing Nicholas County teen.
4519	Kettlebells are used as well.
4520	Key 2017 growth initiatives include scaling our integrated Deluxe marketing suite across all customers and channels and scaling web, including payroll services, as well as continuing tuck-in capability acquisitions.
4521	Keybank National Association OH boosted its stake in shares of Pinnacle Foods by 0.5% in the fourth quarter.
4522	Key exercises to get this hour-glass figure include jumping squats and ‘donkey kicks’.
4523	Key to this architecture is making sure that each microservice handles one and only one function with a well defined API.
4524	Khanzada and Shah were finally released after three hours, reports Dawn online.
4525	Kidd tells us she doesn't have faith in the board’s new investigation, just based on what she says Jaeger has already subjected the students to.
4526	“Kids need project-based learning,” he says.
4527	Kikelomo: For me, three women, no way, this is not what Buhari promised, Jonathan did better, maybe Aisha has no influence over him.
4528	Killdeer’s Kurtlyn Hall led the way with a score of 119. Kaitlyn Warren was one stroke back with a score of 120, followed by Brooke Bang at 120.
4529	Kim also criticized publications for "posting fake quotes from Caitlyn," possibly in reference to a article that claimed to have intel on Caitlyn Jenner's view of the pregnancy.
4530	Kimmel added during the monologue that Billy will need to do another surgery in the coming months, but that they fully expect to see him recover.
4531	KINGSPORT — State team duals semifinalists Tennessee High and Science Hill dominated the Region 1-AAA individual duals this weekend at the Buck Van Huss Dome, combining for titles in 10 of the 14 weight classes.
4532	Kintner resigns over offensive tweet; says it's not about 'doing what's right'
4533	Kirstie Munn, a local volunteer of the national charity Share the Dignity, aims to change this.
4534	Kishida said in late December that the governments had agreed to sign a supplementary pact.
4535	Kizer knows that mechanically, he didn’t play well.
4536	Klopfenstein said she wants to go to Ohio State after graduation to pursue a career as a sports medicine doctor.
4537	Knapp said the construction management course replaced wind energy, a course that had low enrollment.
4538	KNICKS-BUCKS Antetokounmpo leads Bucks to 104-93 win over Knicks MILWAUKEE (AP) — Giannis Antetokounmpo scored 22 of his 32 points in the se…
4539	Knockoffs also may have spelling errors printed on the glasses’ paper frames, or they may ship from China, Lewin said.
4540	Knowing Brian the way I know Brian, I also feel confident saying that he has learned his lesson and that he has regretted his actions from the beginning."
4541	“Knowing that there’s additional resources, especially with those focused on brownfield cleanup and remediation, we’re very excited.”
4542	Knowledge of this genocide isn’t universal, and the Republic of Turkey still refuses to acknowledge it.
4543	Kobik - the living Cosmic Cube - realises that she needs to set things right so she brings Captain America back; well, her version of him.
4544	Kohama passed away from pneumonia at a Tokyo hospital.
4545	Koike, who briefly served as defense minister in 2007 during Abe's first administration, expressed "major doubts" about that proposal during the debate.
4546	Kokes and his buddies are looking to repeat history Friday when they face the top-seeded Huskies in the Class 3A Naperville North Sectional championship game.
4547	K.P. Perumal, district secretary, Tamil Nadu Vivasayigal Sangam, affiliated to the CPI (M), said procurement price of black gram was ₹ 8,000-₹10,000 a few months ago, but now it had come down to ₹3,000-₹4,200.
4548	Krafcik said the company determined a system that asked drivers to jump in at the sound of an alert was unsafe after seeing videos from inside self-driving cars during tests.
4549	Kreisel Electric has a knack for electrifying the hell out of things -- last year, we looked at its Volkswagen e-Golf, which featured triple the range of a normal one.
4550	Kristy Takahashi leads the South Coast conference with 18 points per game while Brion Turner is 3rd in rebounding with 7.7 rebounds per game.
4551	Krob doesn’t expect that to happen after 2020.
4552	KSP took all four suspects into custody later that same day.
4553	K-State averages 12.4 digs per set, while North Florida averages 14.4, and kills per set K-State averages 12.3 and North Florida with 11.5 in a game.
4554	K-State remains in litigation with a Title IX lawsuit filed by former students Sara Weckhorst and Tessa Farmer following their alleged sexual assaults by Jared R. Gihring, who was sentenced to 12 years in prison in August.
4555	Kumasi, July 10, GNA - The Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) has stepped up its effort at helping to tackle the growing graduate unemployment through well-focused entrepreneurial skills training.
4556	KU’s 29th Consensus All-America First Team selection, Mason’s 1,885 points are sixth on the KU career charts and his 576 all-time assists are also sixth.
4557	Kushakbayev was accused of giving “unauthorised strikers” advice.
4558	“Kushner Companies had nothing to do with it,” the company claimed.
4559	Kynsey Dixon notched nine points, including a pair on this drive to the bucket between three Bennington defenders during Thursday night's Bryan County Conference contest.
4560	Labour documentary: Hang on, are the centrists the idiots?
4561	Labour has told the five rail operators that the party will halt any future plans to extend driver-only operations if it wins the next general election.
4562	Labour is in painful labour unable to deliver, everything is in a state of comatose.
4563	Labour’s Jeremy Corbyn, on the other hand, is savaged for querying whether a military escapade led by Trump will succeed where all other Middle Eastern military adventures have failed.
4564	La Crescent won last year in overtime and now clings to a slim 14-to-13 edge in the series.
4565	Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Axon Enterprise in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd.
4566	Ladies, I hope as the years pass by this legacy of friendship will always keep going and you will always cherish the memories.
4567	Lakewood’s Ellijah Davis scored on a two yard dive up the middle for a 40-0 lead.
4568	“La La Land” tied the record for most Oscar nominations with “All About Eve” and “Titanic” at 14. There are some minor blips here and there within those 14. It should not have received a sound editing nomination.
4569	Lale suggested that non-governmental and faith-based organizations should fill the void where government cannot meet in funding students as a way of promoting education.
4570	LaMotta’s title reign ended on Feb. 14, 1951, when Robinson stopped him in the 13th round in Chicago.
4571	Lamp and Taylor used this opportunity to impress a number of NFL scouts who were in attendance – and they made the most of their chance.
4572	Lamp is a sound technician and can be a 10-year starter in the NFL, but Baltimore has bigger priorities at the No. 16 overall pick.”
4573	LANDER, Wyo. (AP) — About 300 people marched in Lander and hundreds more in Casper and elsewhere around the state to highlight women’s issues and discontent with new President Donald Trump.
4574	“Land value taxation longer term will be a way of ensuring planning permission doesn’t disappear into the back pockets of landowners and is captured for the benefits of the community.”
4575	Lane said events such as jousting and running with the bulls were great successes for CWA and that this year they will look at having a "high-adrenaline schedule" on the Saturday of Agribition.
4576	Lara Trump, the president's daughter-in-law, hosted one of the videos that was posted last month.
4577	Larry Warford RG Lions graded at 80.8% since entering NFL and is only 25.
4578	La Semana congratulates Las America on this new opening.
4579	Last Friday, President Donald Trump signed an executive order closing the borders to people from seven Muslim nations.
4580	Last month, British self-wedder Sophie Tanner told BBC Three some people called her “a sad feminist”.
4581	Last month, Rowe voted with the City Council to eliminate health insurance for municipal retirees — the hardest vote she’s ever cast, Rowe says.
4582	Last month, the FDA approved a generic version of Copaxone 40 mg /mL and an additional generic version of Copaxone 20 mg/mL.
4583	Last month, Uresti turned himself in to federal officials, who escorted him in handcuffs and ankle shackles to his first court appearance.
4584	Last Saturday at RTX, I spoke with Gen:Lock writer/director Gray G. Haddock—who’s also the studio’s head of animation—to find out where the six-year Rooster Teeth veteran and his team are drawing inspiration from.
4585	Last season, Jansen became the franchise saves leader with 189 and strikeouts as a reliever with 632.
4586	Last season, Larry accused guest star Michael J. Fox of using Fox's Parkinson's as a cover for hostile acts toward Larry.
4587	Last Sunday, the GST council revised rates of 66 products after appeals in the niche for 133 products.
4588	“Last time, an issue was created without any reason because of the over hype.
4589	Last we checked, there is not a single positive tweet directed at Henry Heng on his home page.
4590	Last week, a diverse coalition of human rights, civil liberties, and religious groups wrote to President Trump opposing any executive action that would facilitate torture or other abusive interrogation and detention practices.
4591	Last weekend, finance minister Arun Jaitley had argued in favour of privatising loss-making Air India that has a share of around 14 percent in the domestic air traffic market.
4592	Last weekend, Lewis Hamilton clinched the F1 title in Mexico with two races to spare.
4593	Last week, he and Carter sat in his home, which is on the ranch down a long lane from the road.
4594	Last week it began a Rohingya headcount as part of its relocation campaign after seeking international support for the plan.
4595	Last week, NPR had a story that garnered a huge response from listeners and Shots readers.
4596	Last week, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan claimed Turkey had killed 3,000 IS terrorists during its operations against the group in northern Syria which ran from August until March.
4597	Last week, the General Inspectorate of Labour (IGT) in the Labour Ministry announced that it had suspended 34 foreigners, 17 of them South Africans, who were supposedly working illegally at the Sasol gas processing centre in Temane.
4598	Last week, the invaders claimed they had been given authority to build on the wetland although the Minister of Local Government, Saviour Kasukuwere had declared that Monavale was "a no go area" as it is a protected site.
4599	Last week, we came out and ran the ball for 421 yards and we knew they would stack the box and we just came out and threw it.
4600	Last year, before lead was found, Bowman offered Guidry water from his home.
4601	Last year, Crystal Palace striker Wilfried Zaha switched allegiance to Ivory Coast after playing for England at senior level.
4602	Last year in Virginia there were more deaths from heroin and opioids than highway fatalities for the first time, and the governor declared a public health emergency.
4603	Last year Lawrence rolled out a new ICT strategy — ICT Strategic Direction 2016-2020 — that outlined a shift to an efficient, scalable ‘Single Information Environment’ architecture with standardised businesses processes and reduced ICT costs.
4604	Last year, the game was decided by the slimmest of margins.
4605	Last year, Walker was part of essentially a two-man crew that made sure all the backpacks at Allen Elementary School got to the kids who needed them most.
4606	Last year when his house flooded he slept in a little red welding truck where he kept his tools, used in his work as a welder.
4607	Las Vegas is known as the entertainment capital of the world with the glittering Strip.
4608	Late last year, Amazon said it was expanding the marketplace to Europe.
4609	"Lately, almost all countries in our region determined that Al Jazeera supports terrorism, supports religious radicalization," Mr Kara said.
4610	Late-night talk-show host Jimmy Kimmel will be hosting the Oscars ceremony, which is taking place on Feb. 26, 2017.
4611	Late on Tuesday afternoon, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Ocrevus after a huge study discovered the drug was able to slow the progression of MS as well as reducing the symptoms of the condition.
4612	Later in the hall, one member would ask the candidates now that they were on the brink of becoming a leader of the free world, how would they deal with Donald Trump.
4613	Later on, Mendel was successful in retrieving them and tried to return the pair to the original owner, who no longer wanted them after seeing the brutal punishment Mendel had received for wearing them.
4614	Later that year, it made another significant move by hiring Fox Sports executive Pete Vlastelica to be president and CEO of Major League Gaming.
4615	Later, we kicked in a healthy bonus for these guys as appreciation for extraordinary service.
4616	Laurino said how they sleep is also important.
4617	Lava Z25 sports 5.5-inch 2.5D-curved HD IPS display.
4618	Law enforcement officers and vigilante residents police neighborhoods to root out immorality.
4619	Lawmakers and advocates gathered Tuesday to take a stand against anti-immigration legislation.
4620	Lawmakers Look to Protect Funding in Future Stalemates In the Fiscal Code passed by the Senate a new provision was added to allow the the legislature to borrow money to pay its bills during a budget stalemate.
4621	Law & Order True Crime on NBC: Cancelled or Season 2? (Release Date) - canceled TV shows - TV Series FinaleCancelled or Renewed?
4622	Laws of economics will eventually prevail.
4623	Lawyers for the production company behind the film, Red Granite Pictures, said in a court filing in Los Angeles Friday that they've reached a settlement with prosecutors.
4624	Lawyer Sithole further informed the court that the PS came up with a timetable and aborted negotiations with the officers and their union.
4625	LAX Firing Range is a well-knownLos Angeles shooting rangethat has a popular tactical firearms training class led by army veterans and NRA certified instructors.
4626	Leadership of the agency has fallen to Comey’s former deputy, Andrew McCabe, who’s now acting director.
4627	Leaders will also tackle trade and climate change during the summit.
4628	Leading Indonesian telecom operators have stopped their price war and are now focusing on profitability and quality subscribers.
4629	Leah joined the caravan in part to fight for the dignity and rights of her undocumented mother, who is employed as a domestic worker in Miami.
4630	Learners are eager to participate in the QnA session, were awesome prizes were won.
4631	Learn more about Julie at revelantwriting.
4632	Learn more at fwcp.
4633	Leave a comment and let us know if we missed something in your neighborhood.
4634	Leavers accuse Blair of contempt for democracy, and even among those who share his views many argue that Blair — a tainted figure in so many ways — will do more harm that good by intervening.
4635	Lecturers often rush to publish most of their research and development efforts.
4636	Led by seasoned coach, Fanana ‘Tyson’ Dlamini; four pugilists left for Springs outside Johannesburg yesterday to honour an invitation from Sun Rise Boxing Club.
4637	Lee declined to say how many victims the remains were suspected to have come from, but said DNA tests would be done.
4638	Lee's trial, for which so far only preliminary hearings have been held, will begin on April 7 when he is expected to appear, court records showed.
4639	Lee Yoo Mi (Song Ji Eun) never had a boyfriend.
4640	Left-arm paceman's Willey's had Jon-Jon Smuts out for a golden duck when he pushed forward tentatively and played on.
4641	Legal system, not justice system.
4642	Legs are a big part of Tilson’s game.
4643	Lehata was disqualified for a false start in the heats of the 100 metres semi-finals while the marathon duo failed to finish their races.
4644	Lehigh, Pa. and Portland, Maine were the first club sites outside the Commonwealth, and a New Zealand club marked the first overseas expansion.
4645	Lelu Island, near Prince Rupert, B.C., will no longer be home to the Pacific Northwest LNG project.
4646	LENA — The Friends of the Pecatonica River Foundation will meet at 6:30 p.m. June 15 at the The Rafters Restaurant & Catering, 9426 W. Wagner Road.
4647	Lendy, which said that it has strengthened its due diligence team, has a 180 day “tolerance period” before classing a loan to be in default.
4648	LENEXA, Kan. (AP) — Authorities say two teenagers died and seven others were injured when their vehicle slammed into a tree shortly after the driver refused to stop for a police officer.
4649	Le Pen, who leads her National Front party in the European legislature, is under investigation in France for posting three graphic images of Islamic State executions on Twitter in December 2015, including the beheading of American journalist James Foley.
4650	Lépine said if there aren't enough asylum seekers to fill the rooms, others who need a place to stay will be welcomed.
4651	Lessons for the sector as hundreds of millions of pounds are pitched into the development of specialist student accommodation.
4652	Let him watch from the back.”
4653	Let me ask you another question — no, this is not part of the quiz.
4654	Let me comment on the 16 FinFET first.
4655	Let me tell you, this generation coming up -- unselfish, altruistic, creative, patriotic -- I’ve seen you in every corner of the country.
4656	Let see where all this will lead to.
4657	Let’s give Trump a break.
4658	“Let’s hope that they do what they are supposed to do, but as things are now.
4659	“Let’s now look forward and make sure that we elect a credible chairman.
4660	Let’s zoom in Obamacare’s three biggest trouble spots right now.
4661	Let that sit in the fridge for at least 20 minutes before serving.
4662	Let the kids bounce off some energy at Derby trampoline park Oxygen Freejumping, which boasts 31,000 sq. ft. of 150 interconnected trampolines.
4663	Let us all remember, if not for their assurance of liberty, we would not have the rights and freedoms their sacrifice bestows on us all.
4664	‘Let your yes mean yes’
4665	Levin said in a statement, “What I love about the show is that it’s a different way of telling a life story, and it’s relateable to anyone who watches.”
4666	LEXINGTON, Ky. (Feb. 2, 2017) — A record 52,123 homes were sold in Kentucky in 2016, up 8 percent from the previous record of 48,259 in 2015, according to the Kentucky Association of Realtors.
4667	LG is a leader in smartphone photography, and the V30 extends this legacy.
4668	Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 506 ($6.54) price target on shares of Howden Joinery Group Plc in a report on Friday, July 7th.
4669	Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Seraj and the divided nation's eastern commander Khalifa Haftar in July committed to a conditional ceasefire and to work towards elections, but the agreement did not include other key factions.
4670	Life for the next two months was filled with chaos and uncertainty, but so many kind and generous people of Morville brought some normality to our lives.
4671	Life Insurance Corporation’s (LIC) stake in the bank has gone up to 14.25 % from the earlier 11.13 %.
4672	Life on Earth, Paradise Birds and The Private Life of Plants would hardly have been worth making if viewers were unable to see the glories of plumage, pelts and petals.
4673	Life these days is decidedly calmer for Ms. Cooper, who is one of just 30 people in Canada using hydromorphone to treat her long-time addiction.
4674	Lightning: At Pittsburgh on Sunday.
4675	Light plays a silent but important role in “Wait Until Dark,” a play about a blind woman named Susy who must defend herself against three crooks.
4676	Like a (domestic chicken) chick on high heels.
4677	Like any other school, Eton has to deal with the modern challenges of drugs, social media and mental health difficulties.
4678	Like, for 99.9% of those, I knew the answer before even looking at the choices.
4679	Like "Hidden Figures" which sits on the third place, the musical has crossed $100 million for its total domestic gross.
4680	Like I mentioned before, this is new.
4681	Like I said, I attended the seminars and I learned about my country.
4682	Like I said, this stuff isn’t genius, but it is funny.
4683	Like it has been done in my forthcoming film Behen Hogi Teri where I am playing an old school villain but director Anthony D’Souza has placed the character in a contemporary situation.
4684	Like many people, Axelrod was concerned about the purchase.
4685	Like most Black women in their 50s who have been blessed with youthful looks, Michelle Obama barely looks a day over 30 (and she has a lithe physique to match!).
4686	Like most things, not everyone agrees with the curfew and age cutoff.
4687	Like other candidates, Stogran dislikes free trade agreements, including the North American Free Trade Agreement.
4688	Like Penelope Cruz, you’re celebrating a birthday!
4689	Like the Animal Rescue Foundation, Santa Cruz County's shelter wants to make room for animals from residents displaced by the wildfires or animals from shelters that had to evacuate from the fire areas.
4690	Like the killing of Igbos in May 1953 that no one bothered to investigate, failing to pacify the Shiites could spell trouble in a few years — a counter-massacre or a full-blown Shiite vs. Sunni war.
4691	Like the others who were evacuating, Courant wasn’t sure where he’ll be staying in the days and weeks to come.
4692	Like the social heroes who came before us, it is up to us to prove that the changes we want can make the world a better place.
4693	Like, this is really going to happen,” said Frank.
4694	Like two old Jesuits or Jews.
4695	Like when they bought back the amazing show V it was canceled & they left it on a complete cliffhanger.
4696	Lily Allen has been slammed for describing gay people as “f**s” in an anti-Donald Trump tweet.
4697	Lincoln bridge proving hard to shift!
4698	Linda Kibbler was at a loss for words when she realized her friend Donna had passed.
4699	Linen needs ironing, silk needs dry cleaning, and pearls, well I bet they need some work somehow too.
4700	Linking to accounts on all three networks produces 2.5 more risk of compromise.
4701	Lior Gantz, founder of Wealth Research Group, believes that fundamentals for precious metals have been confirmed and expects a major rally.
4702	Lisa A. Hrenko, 43, of 114 S. Washington, Unit 18, Plainville, was arrested on Oct. 28 and charged with risk of injury to a minor, third degree assault, and disorderly conduct.
4703	Lisa says that while mindfulness has been used for thousands of years, recently there’s been a real interest in using it in various forms and in different physical health populations like with people who have diabetes or cancer.
4704	Listen to those who are informed in ways you may not be.
4705	Liswaniso said he was humbled to be entrusted with such a huge responsibility, and will strive to put the town on the map again.
4706	Lita goes with Bayley to retain.
4707	Literally, just replace “Muslim” with “Jew” and we’re in Germany in 1936.
4708	Lithuania and Luxembourg are the first to take advantage of this mechanism, with the Grand Duchy revealing in its latest energy report that it plans to exploit these agreements in order to hit its target and help the EU reach its 20% by 2020 goal.
4709	Live cooking stations will feature homemade Shawarma and a variety of Italian pasta popular by regions.
4710	Live Home 3D is an interior design app that lets you to draft floor plans, and design and decorate the interior.
4711	Liverpool were, for long periods against City, the better side.
4712	Living on a lake she swam and canoed.
4713	Local 1339 is affiliated with AFSCME Council 94. Vela said she went to Council 94 when she discovered money was missing and they recommended the union hire a firm to conduct a forensic audit.
4714	‘Local communities should join govt.’s efforts in developing sports infrastructure’
4715	Local representatives look for insight from Bremer.
4716	Locals can have go at wheelchair tennis and modified versions of cricket, golf and soccer.
4717	Local service clubs and community groups offering information also attended to promote their services.
4718	Locals said the lions likely originated from the nearby Gir Wildlife Sanctuary, which is currently home to about 312 of the big cats.
4719	Located in the industrial hub of Korea, Novelis’ Ulsan facility employs about 600 people and focusses on the production of rolled aluminium sheets for markets in Asia.
4720	Located under the first floor, the library’s lowest floor houses maps, newspapers, magazines, audiobooks, two blu-ray disc players and two DVD/VHS players.
4721	Logic tells us we’re not getting a third fall because we’re almost out of time.
4722	“Log rolling was the method of piling the trees after they had been cut and limbs removed, placed on large piles and burned,” states the history.
4723	Loi encourages women who've endured the same to regain control of their sexuality along the path of healing.
4724	Lois Carter (Caskey), 62, passed away Sept. 4, 2017, in Avondale, AZ from natural causes.
4725	Lois Epstein is an Alaska-licensed engineer and the Arctic program director for The Wilderness Society.
4726	LOL why are people upset though?
4727	Long-distance relationships do suck, but with today’s technology, and a few tips, you can certainly make them work, either short- or long-term.
4728	“Look at Ancestry.com or Flight Tracker or even The Weather Network, for example, and what they’ve become.
4729	Look at out for virtually any govt subsidies and incentives on setting up regional firms in other countries.
4730	Look at that perfectly coiffed hair.
4731	Look at the pot calling the kettle black or is that gay.
4732	Look at the website of the extreme left-wing group “B’Tselem,” a leading critic of Israel.
4733	Look for the next FROM THE BENCH where I will discuss the phase of jury selection that jurors never get to witness.
4734	Looking at G Patrick Omameh’s case for a starting spot on the Jaguars offensive line.
4735	Looking at students from various tertiary institutions in the country, it also has been revealed that female condoms are not popular with young adults the same way they are not with married couples.
4736	Looking back at it, I gained even more respect for him because of it.”
4737	Looking for something other than toys and cheap tech gadgets for the kids on your list?
4738	Looks like I won’t be signing up for CBS All Access any time soon.
4739	Lord Hain said on Thursday that he now has evidence of wrongdoing, and gave printouts of the transactions to the Chancellor a day earlier.
4740	Lori A. Conley, of Hammond Road in Reynoldsburg, pleaded guilty in July to involuntary manslaughter, child endangering and tampering with evidence in the death of Haddix Mulkey.
4741	Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Finish Line Inc (NASDAQ:FINL) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC.
4742	Los Angeles finally got the chance to see the play when it opened at the Pantages theater August 11.
4743	Losing them certainly won’t make a dent in overall federal spending.
4744	Lot of the players one of the Miller was hurt last year during the end of the season right the other moves LT you have all Sox who cares if they'll Baltimore last year seemed.
4745	Lots of fun in store for players on the Day of Reconciliation.
4746	Love, author of ‘Hip Hop’s Li’l Sistas Speak: Negotiating Hip Hop Identities and Politics in the New South’, is an associate professor at the University of Georgia.
4747	Lowery was arrested after a scuffle with Selmer officers, that involved him being tased, under an overpass near West Cherry Ave. He faces counts of indecent exposure and resisting arrest in this incident.
4748	Low inventories will increase beef prices this year, according to Canada's annual Food Price Report.
4749	Low water at 01.21 p.m.
4750	LPD wrote out a $300 ticket to me for inattentive driving.
4751	LP’s OSB segment reported net sales of $351 million, a $69 million increase from $282 million of net sales in the third quarter of 2016.
4752	LRPD does not have one, and the City Manager’s office does not have one.
4753	LSU had won 23 of the last 25 games in the series with MSU and eight straight at Starkville dating back to 2001.
4754	Luckily I was smart enough to save money throughout my nine years in the Army, but with not being able to work I have concerns about how I will support my family.
4755	Luckily those 7 are not on the city council.
4756	Lucy has a very expressive personality to say the least.
4757	Luddy wants nothing more than to see her girls succeed and enjoy the remainder of the season going forward.
4758	Lulu might score a job at Crimson, but she’ll get into some trouble that irks Dante (Dominic Zamprogna) down the road.
4759	Lupas also rejected Kansky’s argument that two pillows and a blanket that went missing from Scholl’s car warranted dismissal of the case.
4760	Lupins are also gluten free.
4761	Lyft has supported tipping since its early days, but Uber has repeatedly refused to include this option, citing a "hassle-free" experience that's better for both drivers and riders.
4762	Lynds, the audience director, admits the show can be stressful.
4763	Lyonchoen Tshering Tobgay said there are about 22 travel agents who take Bhutanese pilgrims outside Bhutan.
4764	MAC also held a giveaway for the two influencer lipsticks.
4765	Machine Gun Kelly’s new “At My Best (featuring Hailee Steinfeld)” has already won the support of 102.7 KIIS FM.
4766	Macron drew early criticism on Monday after spending Sunday evening with supporters and En Marche! activists at the well-known – but not upmarket – La Rotonde brasserie in Paris.
4767	Madagascar would join the ever expanding Ethiopian network of 95 worldwide destinations.
4768	Madeira was also the wine of choice for George Washington and Thomas Jefferson.
4769	Madison claimed that all Hefner’s girlfriends were expected to participate in group sex with him, and expected to perform sexual acts in front of him.
4770	MADISON, Wis. (AP) — The wood violet, sugar maple and white-tailed deer are already in the club.
4771	Magazines, newspapers, catalogues, clean and shredded paper, and clean and usable textiles like shoes in pairs can all be recycled in your green bags.
4772	Maggs (primarily) looks at women who have either been forgotten or who were never well known, to begin with.
4773	Magistrates refused Doran bail and committed him to the Crown Court for all matters.
4774	Magpale, principal author of the tertiary scholarship ordinance, said her office needs to get feedback from those who failed to come so they could offer the slots to others.
4775	Main roads, temples, historical monuments and other places will be illuminated.
4776	Maiolo made the All-FCIAC West team and Bunt received All-FCIAC honorable mention.
4777	“Make a point of getting to know your neighbour who lives next door or close by to your employee.
4778	Make Ghana proud.
4779	Make more kicks though…
4780	Make no mistake, just because one of those films is ranked over the other on this list, doesn't mean that it's a bad film.
4781	Make sure you are aware of the few key decisions that can make a big difference in the amount of your Social Security benefit.
4782	Make-up free Adele treats children affected by Grenfell.
4783	Mallika decides that Tarana be shifted to someplace else other than this.
4784	Manciel may be a guy that can be used to spell Brady and Jones as a defensive end because of the speed he possesses, and he will most likely be used as the team’s “3” technique, lining up on the outside shoulder of the play-side offensive guard.
4785	Mandzik was sentenced to a total of 12 years, Robert Majewski eight years, Pawel Majewski seven years and Szmyt five years.
4786	Manganese is an important cofactor of superoxide dismutase, an extremely potent free radical scavenger that has been associated with a number of different cancers.
4787	Mangiaracina Benbrook wants Ward 4 adequately staffed, and she knows that requires funding.
4788	Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister speaks to the Economic Club of Canada in Toronto on Friday, January 13, 2017.
4789	Manitoba’s Independent Investigation Unit has been called to the scene at a downtown Winnipeg skywalk for an officer involved shooting.
4790	Man, this county seriously needs some mental health/behavioral services resources!
4791	Many acts on the alleged blacklist have shown support for pro-democracy movements in the past.
4792	Many believed Michigan’s defensive backs were going to struggle a lot this season, but they looked very sharp.
4793	Many commenters said they would take their business elsewhere in retaliation for MSNBC pulling the ads.
4794	Many couples who practice BDSM can fare better than 'vanilla' couples when it comes to communication.
4795	Many employers may consider part-time workers as a way of keeping costs down.
4796	Many expect the Julia Roberts-Owen Wilson movie to be north of $64M by Sunday in its running domestic total.
4797	Many eyes will be on Quarterman, who had 84 tackles, 13 of those going for a loss and eight QB hurries in his spectacular freshman year.
4798	Many fake feuds mask the deeper collusion but also serve as warnings that those who are made by the Deep State can also be deposed by the Deep State.
4799	Many go on to college to do great things in various academic fields.
4800	Many GOP leaders and voters were outraged at DiGaetano’s choice to run in the primary election because they felt it compromised his chairmanship role at the BCRO.
4801	Many IT workers interact with customers to understand their needs, help people with research questions and technology malfunctions, or design systems to enhance user experiences.
4802	Many local governments and state-owned companies borrowed huge amount of cheap loans to expand investment.
4803	"Many of my peers have to work two or three jobs to get by," Alejandro Alfaro, a student at CSU Chico told the trustees, during a public comment session.
4804	Many of our buildings are getting old.
4805	“Many of our theories about states in the social sciences predict that a country like North Korea would either change or collapse.
4806	Many of them are believed to have made their way to North Korea.
4807	Many of them still fall for the Republican lies that their insurance is too expensive under the ACA and will go down if the ACA is repealed.
4808	Many of the regimes being courted will be in London this September, when the Defence and Security Equipment International arms fair brings some of the world’s most repressive dictatorships together to do business with the biggest arms companies.
4809	Many of the war veterans still live in abject poverty and the current economic meltdown which has seen millions of our people sink into poverty and despair has not spared the war veterans.
4810	Many of those who received clemency are also violent felons.
4811	Many of you have brought it to my attention and I’ve been dealing with this menace for months.
4812	Many people choose to reuse — don’t be one of them.
4813	Many residents and citizens have been looking forward to this project for several years.
4814	Many residents aren’t aware that the board meets on a regular basis.
4815	Many say that these flaws are to blame for the bureaucratic inertia that limits the effectiveness and the impact of the organisation.
4816	Many species are sensitive to highs and lows, which are expected to see wide swings in frequency and intensity as the climate warms.
4817	Many thrift stores now offer systems starting at less than $150.
4818	Many times, you end up with a mess of boxes and cables for each an every purpose.
4819	Many wept softly as they released white balloons into the night sky or wrote tributes on small wooden crosses.
4820	Many will look at that reflection and insist, “That’s not who we are.”
4821	Many women and men have been able to educate their children by trading in the market, some with very small businesses but their willpower and resilience has kept them going.
4822	Marcus Hester, Zachariah Hamilton, Austin Gallop and Jordan Ratliff were responsible for the Raiders’ other 28 points.
4823	Marcus Smart started for Thomas in the second half of Friday’s 130-86 loss to the Cavaliers.
4824	Marek figures that Comcast, for instance, is filling a new skyscraper with young potential club-goers.
4825	Mariah Carey takes the stage live in Times Square on New Year's Eve.
4826	Mariah sources say they were assured the tent muffled the sound, and it would be fine on stage.
4827	Maria Waqar, an Indiana University graduate student who has interviewed dozens of female lawmakers in Pakistan for her research on the legislature, said the abuse directed at Ms. Wazir was not surprising.
4828	Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking.
4829	Marino released a statement Tuesday night about his decision to withdraw and media reports about the DEA legislation he championed.
4830	Market value on housing will one day take a big hit due to another big conservative financial scandal that will send the economy tumbling own and jobs will go up in smoke.
4831	Mark Farmaner, the director of Burma Campaign UK, said the speech was “business as usual, denial as usual”.
4832	Mark Grotjahn, via Christie'S Images Ltd.
4833	MARQUETTE — A Marquette woman originally charged with eight felony counts, including assault with intent to murder, was in court Wednesday morning for her preliminary exam.
4834	Marra, the company’s board chairman, will stay on as executive chairman.
4835	Marshall has refused to acknowledge Roem as a female.
4836	Marshall punched Kevin Mirallas' corner into his own net in first-half stoppage time to inadvertently cancel out Michael Dawson's early opener.
4837	Marta Sanson, professor of plant biology at Tenerife's La Laguna university, said that 'ideal conditions are allowing proliferation of these microalgae'.
4838	Martin earned the program’s first Defensive Player of the Year honor after setting a school record with 58 blocks this season.
4839	MARTINEZ is wanted for Failure to Register as a Sex Offender, Criminal Impersonation.
4840	Martin Luther King declared in 1963 that the civil rights movement had a mission to cash the promissory note of the American Revolution.
4841	Martin Rolfe, The chief executive of the National Air Traffic Service, warned Britain's air routes are 'exceptionally crowded' and the numbers of flights are reaching the limit of what can be accommodated.
4842	Marto is tied for first among defensemen with 46 assists and is third with 56 points.
4843	Maruyama explained that many of the women she met “have the goods and services, but they don’t know how to sell them.”
4844	Marvin was a member of the USS Corvina commissioning crew.
4845	Maryland Attorney General Brian Frosh, who pushed for the legislation as a state senator in 2013, said he hoped the appeals court’s ruling and the high court’s decision not to review it would encourage other states to adopt similar protections.
4846	Mason and Partners Clinic (MAP) provide healthcare services to uninsured patients.
4847	Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 7,176 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $251,000 after buying an additional 490 shares in the last quarter.
4848	Massachusetts has the second largest Armenian community after California.
4849	Mathews stated the police had no right to touch any girl inappropriately.
4850	Mattis spoke by phone with South Korean Defense Minister Han Min-koo on Thursday, reaffirming Washington’s commitment to the US-South Korea alliance and promising “the full range of US capabilities.”
4851	Mattis, the military leadership and lawmakers.
4852	Matt was very happy to call himself a “team player,” but as he was about to find out, this game is individual through and through.
4853	Maxana said they expect about 50 percent of projects will add the affordable housing on site and 50 percent will pay the fee, and that City Council will review the program so that if it tilts one way or another, they can make changes.
4854	May, a freshman opposite, registered a match-high 12 kills with seven digs and three blocks.
4855	Maybe Comey should have thought of that when he was fucking over Hillary time and again.
4856	Maybe Evan had got hungry.
4857	Maybe it is just because I am a band geek, but this is my all time favorite.
4858	Maybe it's not everyone else's problem.
4859	Maybe that’s because both of you guys appeared to have so much fun being creative.
4860	Maybe the reason it won’t go away is that we should never have thrown it out in the first place.
4861	Maybe they used their bullets to lock themselves safely away.
4862	Maybe we go back to war in Iraq, maybe not?
4863	“Maybe when you run for president.”
4864	Maybe you’d rather be yelled at for being too liberal for the Republicans than get yelled at for being too conservative for the Democrats.
4865	Maybe you should book a holiday, Chris?
4866	Mayne Pharma, Metrics Contract Services, designate their new stability storage facility a 'Center of Excellence.'
4867	Mayor Holmes interceded to mediate the discussion, getting the focus back to other proposals.
4868	Mazzig, an Israeli writer and activist, spoke to Boston College students on Monday, delivering a presentation titled “Diverse and Proud: Intersectionality and Zionism” as part of his ongoing speaking tour of 15 universities on the East Coast.
4869	McCabe said they have been getting weekly updates from Kroll.
4870	McCarthy’s monologue — the only real one in this week’s show, since host Jimmy Fallon instead opted to open the episode with a singalong flashmob — had a little trouble trying to outdo the bizarro energy of the actual moment.
4871	McClaren signed a three-year deal with the Magpies with an option to extend the contract to eight years.
4872	McDaniel a former Indiana State Police Trooper was in his first term as sheriff and was first elected in 2014.
4873	McGinley, who has no previous convictions, told gardaí that he had bonded with the girl as they both suffered from depression.
4874	McGinn emphasized John’s respect for history and how he interpreted it in a way most would not, which is how his work results in mystic views.
4875	McGregor, on the other hand, has little to lose but his pride.
4876	McGregor, though, promised to be closer to 170lbs by the time he enters the ring tonight in Las Vegas.
4877	McLarty Nissan has the car for you with…
4878	McLaughlin promised that phase two of the PPM plan will focus heavily on education and employment.
4879	McLaughlin responded an hour later, saying, “Other jobs are harder work than being a thespian.
4880	McLean said the process of putting a roof over her residents’ heads has sometimes been frustrating and confusing.
4881	M&C: You shot the film in Argentina.
4882	Meals on Wheels served more than 219 million meals to 2.4 million homebound senior citizens in 2016, according to the Community Development Block Grant program's website.
4883	Meantime, the rate would go up from 5 percent to 9 percent for tickets to cultural events at larger venues – the same tax rate applied to sporting events.
4884	Meanwhile, Arby’s is testing an elk meat sandwich at three locations in Colorado, Wyoming and Montana.
4885	Meanwhile, Baywatch tested over a 91 three times.
4886	Meanwhile, former Australia captain Steve Waugh also said last month that Swepson could prove to be a decisive factor for the kangaroos.
4887	Meanwhile, official figures revealed the average pay for full-time workers crept up to £550 a week, but in real terms have fallen as they have been outstripped by prices.
4888	Meanwhile, several metro users are opposing the hike.
4889	Meanwhile, tens of thousands of people took to the streets of Catalonia on Tuesday to protest the actions by police.
4890	Meanwhile, the names of the victims are being withheld pending family notification.
4891	Meanwhile, the Telecom Fijiana extended squad also marched assembled today as they prepare for the next leg of the women’s 7s series in Sydney next month.
4892	Meanwhile, the younger Keach caught the acting bug in junior high and high school.
4893	Meanwhile thousands of singles and young adults out there are oblivious of the intricacies of marriage and sex in marriage.
4894	"Me as Josh met Christine in the test process with the exact same scene as Kyle meets Megan with that scene in a test process first film," he continued.
4895	Measures will be aimed at reducing times and costs for users, thus contributing to the country's foreign trade development.
4896	Media specialist Charity Moyo and Ward 101 councillor Dalu Cele take a look at the new bathrooms.
4897	Medlin says he does recommend this proactive approach in addition to having your fire extinguishers and smoke detectors.
4898	Meet Henry, a dog currently at a New Hope Dog Rescue foster home who is now looking for his new home.
4899	Meetings generally last from 1 to 1 ½ hours where current and future projects are discussed and guest speakers present information on a variety of topics.
4900	Meghan McCain, a conservative co-host of ABC's "The View," challenged Olbermann during Friday's show, accusing him of deepening political divides with his "damaging" rhetoric.
4901	Me I'm a journalist, I do journalism, wherever I happen to be working.
4902	Melania’s words are hard to hear as she is drowned out by songs like “We Wish You and Merry Christmas,” along with “Jingle Bells” and the like.
4903	Member of presidential committee on security matters on the North-East.
4904	Members who oppose O’Leary and Leitch also need a candidate to rally around, so Raitt may be trying to position herself as that candidate, he said.
4905	MEM can also enforce corporate policies and provide IT administrators with a robust audit of mobile usage.
4906	"Memories are short," she added.
4907	Men, når vi skal utvikle kulturpolitikken for en ny tid, må den gjøres relevant for flere.
4908	Menno (10-10) will play Scotland in the first round of the District 9B tournament in Freeman.
4909	Merkel doesn't want to rely on a charm offensive alone.
4910	Merrick was the Longhorns’ No. 3 quarterback, behind starter Shane Buechele and Sam Ehlinger.
4911	MERRILLVILLE — Police asked for help identifying a man suspected of stealing a car early Thursday from outside a gas station.
4912	Messages coming in without VPN for first time …
4913	Messages left for Dobbin by CBC have yet to be returned.
4914	Methinks this will get a quick response from Ward 11 candidate Jeromy Farkas who hates the sight of a city hall closed door.
4915	Metro CDC moderator Leo Wilson took SANDAG to task for poor communication with Bankers Hill property and business owners.
4916	Meyers agrees, noting, “I think it’s a big step forward, you’re finally taking blame for mistakes like that.”
4917	MH: Cde Chinx, it really has been a pleasure talking to you.
4918	MI5, Britain’s domestic security agency, has a policy of not identifying current or past employees.
4919	Miami ranks dead last in points jersey football store per game (8.4) and yards per game (249).
4920	Miami's Ichiro Suzuki, 43, became the oldest player to start in center field since at least 1900, surpassing Rickey Henderson.
4921	Michigan State again crashed the boards against Rutgers, out rebounding them 50-24 while shooting 49% from the field.
4922	Mick Sterling brings to life several of Rod’s classics such as Tonight’s the Night, Do ya Think I’m Sexy and many more.
4923	Microsoft had been hoping that the government would allocate it spectrum for free, arguing that it would be the right thing to do as the White Space project doesn’t have any revenue attached to it, but it seems the government had other plans.
4924	Microsoft invited Digital Foundry, a U.K.-based gaming site that focuses on technical breakdowns of video game hardware and software, to its Redmond, Wash., headquarters to show off the new silicon at the heart of the Scorpio.
4925	Microsoft strongly believes in the value of the bug bounties, and we trust that it serves to enhance our security capabilities.”
4926	Miller's victims — William Corporon, 69, his 14-year-old grandson, Reat Griffin Underwood, and Terri LaManno, 53 — were all Christian.
4927	Miller, the Belton school board president, said they’re always excited about full funding of the finance formula.
4928	Mills conversion made it 17-7, but Gloucester immediately responded as Rowan cashed in on terrible Worcester tackling to claim try number three before Laidlaw's conversion re-established a comfortable advantage.
4929	Mindfulness is a meditative practice with Buddhist roots.
4930	Minimum temperatures will be around 55 degrees with maximum humidity around 60% to 70%.
4931	Mining showed its first gain in employment in more than two years, while a February increase of 28,000 jobs in manufacturing brought job growth over the last year to a small net positive.
4932	Minister Davies was speaking after GLC, a remote global aviation services provider within the Business Process Services sector (BPS), launched its new offices in Cape Town today.
4933	Ministers are keen to ensure that a meeting of Commonwealth trade ministers in London in March is a success and shows how Britain after Brexit can do more trade with countries outside the European Union.
4934	Ministers Eduardo Ferreyros (Foreign Trade and Tourism), Salvador del Solar (Culture) and Patricia Garcia (Health) joined the President on the occasion.
4935	Ministry of Tourism and Arts Public Relations Officer Sakabilo Kalembwe says the suspects, who were nabbed at the Border Post that links Zambia to Mozambique are expected to appear in court soon.
4936	MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Jose Iglesias had three hits, including a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the seventh that led the Detroit Tigers over Minn…
4937	MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Mike Minor won for the first time since 2014 and Brandon Moss hit two of Kansas City’s four home runs, leading the Royals over the Minnesota Twins 6-4 Sunday in a doubleheader opener.
4938	MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Today, it’s common for people to switch jobs several times throughout their careers.
4939	Minnesota currently has more than 2,200 AmeriCorps members at 1,250 sites.
4940	Minnesota Lynx host garage…
4941	Minnesota’s Jonathon Yanovsky found his tenth of the year before Allkins added two more.
4942	Minot said, “Haitians are so disappointed.
4943	Minutes of the meeting are not posted on the borough website.
4944	Mirman says that he does not think too much about these projects — he just thinks they are fun.
4945	Mises exposed several irremediable and crucial errors in Marxism.
4946	Misquotes are highlighted in blue.
4947	Missing from the list of those pardoned was Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contracter who spought clemency for leaking classified information about givernment surveillance of citizens.
4948	Mizuho upgraded shares of Occidental Petroleum from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th.
4949	MJCCA to host Jan.
4950	MKO Grand Chief Sheila North Wilson called it a "promising step toward greater co-operation between governments."
4951	Mobile Ad Spend: Marketing budgets are following the shift of eyeballs from traditional channels to mobile.
4952	Modi should consult people like Shashi Tharoor in foreign affairs.
4953	Modules are offered online, he said.
4954	Mohammed al-Haj Ali fled from Syria and settled in the UK in 2014.
4955	"Momochi left his job and everything to become a gamer, so his future depended upon this success, hence the added pressure," Gotsu said at Hot Docs.
4956	Monday’s incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
4957	Monday’s poll: Who will win the College Football Playoff championship?
4958	M., one of the F-15 pilots.
4959	Monique Hayes is charged with attempting to cause an explosion or fire with the intent to murder.
4960	MONROE, Va. (AP) – Authorities in central Virginia say a deputy was shot in the head during a traffic stop and a suspect was injured when another deputy returned fire.
4961	Montes’ attorneys are suing the federal government, so it went straight to federal court.
4962	Monthly board meetings.
4963	Montreal in the 15-16 season had an unbelievable start to the season.
4964	Moore’s death was announced by family members on social media, a statement being issued regarding where and how the actor died.
4965	Mopalwar, who was the superintendent of stamps in the 1990s, has been asked to remain present in court on July 27. For almost seven years since police unearthed the multi-crore-stamp paper scam, Radheshyam Mopalwar remained unscathed.
4966	Mopria certified printers make up 97% of printers sold worldwide.
4967	More details are on the Camp Fire website, including the group’s wish list.
4968	More, Flag, Trash: Swiping from right to left reveals quick actions to let you do a number of things.
4969	More information can be found on Facebook in the London Virtual HQ.
4970	More joyful inflections come at the start and end of the story.
4971	Moreno, a sophomore, also was a ECT champion at 120.
4972	More number of market players are expected to enter in the digital breast tomosynthesis system market in near future.
4973	More officers patrolling city streets also means a reduction in the department’s overtime expenses, which have skyrocketed this year due to low manpower.
4974	Moreover, Bloomberg’s estimate accounts for a fairly traditional sizing of the community.
4975	Moreover, it just might simply be his preference.
4976	Moreover, the staff had received threats clearly meant to stop them from reporting on specific, sensitive stories.
4977	Moreover, this took place during the morning hours that were most listened to.
4978	More power to ya.”
4979	More research is needed to know the role the agricultural industry is playing, but the German Farmer's Union is already playing defense.
4980	More rings than an old growth redwood.
4981	More skilled labor jobs is the answer but, that is not going to happen when we have the highest corporate tax rate in the world!
4982	More than 100 students and 15 teachers took turns pulling a school bus with a rope at Jersey Community High School Friday morning.
4983	More than 100 third graders gathered in the gymnasium to learn about geography, severe weather, severe weather safety, clouds, and the difference between weather and climate.
4984	More than 2½ years have passed since that first iPS surgery, but the transplanted cells remain intact.
4985	More than 300 million have been sold since it first launched in 2010, which is no small number (fewer than the number of iPhones sold, more than the number of Macs sold).
4986	More than 3,800 people have been killed in police anti-drugs operations in the past 15 months and at least 2,100 other homicides were likely drug-related.
4987	More than 54,000 dog and 28,900 cat owners licensed their pets last year, compared to in 2015 when 48,600 dog and 22,900 cat licenses were issued.
4988	More than 70 percent of these expenditures are targeted for system integrity and replacement projects.
4989	More than a 100 members, former members and friends gathered at the Fauquier Springs Country Club to celebrate the occasion at a bountiful luncheon.
4990	More than half of VTE events occur after patients are discharged from the hospital.
4991	More than half the dead 167 perished in the capital, while 73 died in the state of Morelos, 45 in Puebla, 13 in Mexico State, six in Guerrero and one in Oaxaca.
4992	More than two pounds of marijuana were seized in that particular bust…
4993	Morgan Stanley now owns 5,649,199 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $363,809,000 after buying an additional 2,890,935 shares during the last quarter.
4994	Morong wrote to the Select Board July 11, 2016, that the proposed 2017 Snow Bowl budget was created by “looking at what management wanted to spend and then making the revenue line items fit the expenditures.
4995	Morriss spent 53 years in the newspaper business until his retirement in 2003.
4996	Morteratsch is considered a national treasure because it's only glacier with an easily accessibly snout - the end point of the frozen river.
4997	Moscow has accepted Ankara's expressions of regret over the incident and the two countries have revived the relationship since then.
4998	Most airlines have information about traveling with pets right on their websites, but it’s best to call and talk to a representative to make sure you clearly understand the procedures involved.
4999	• Most important, if you vomit or have diarrhea stay home to rest for 48 hours after the vomiting and diarrhea have stopped.
5000	Most important is that we continue to realise impact on the ground by finding and supporting local change-makers in communities across the world.
5001	Most importantly, have a plan — if there’s a fire, be ready to leave.
5002	Most importantly, however, “We want them to feel safe,” Kohzad says.
5003	Mostly sunny, very windy yesterday; low clouds, fog overnight.
5004	Most of the geostrategic game ahead hinges on whether there can be a "win-win" grand bargain between the Trump administration and the Kremlin.
5005	Most of their coaches were men — dads — who were enthusiastically embracing the cutting-edge Linear hitting movement.
5006	Most of their soon-to-be in-laws already know and love their children’s significant others long before they even talk about getting married.
5007	“Most of the Israeli people want peace, and most of the Palestinian people want peace,” he said.
5008	Most of these liberal activists masquerading as diplomats wouldn’t dare leave their cushy posts.
5009	Most of these people pay other federal taxes, including payroll taxes.
5010	Most of the time, no preparation is needed beforehand, although a person should always follow a doctor's instructions prior to undergoing the test.
5011	“Most people, the Indian that they’ve met in their life is a mascot not an actual Native person.
5012	Most physicists would probably respond that it’s a crucial step towards confirming the Standard Model of Elementary Particles.
5013	Most significantly, growth was stronger for travel to and from the continent than within the continent.
5014	“Most states in the South-South, to the best of my knowledge, do not have their budgets in public domain.
5015	Mother and campaigner Anna Morell said: “It’s critical that we save our Sure Start centres.
5016	Motorists are urged to watch for broken tree limbs and other debris.
5017	Motorist: "You're a trained civilian?"
5018	Mount Agung has been actively erupting for a week, but it started to rumble back in August.
5019	Move forward with how you can proceed with these cases with these personal injury lawyers and attorneys so they can always take you out of all the challenges for these, and see how your cases can be handled by their services, so you can move on.
5020	Movies that took chances and tried something different.
5021	Moving to a couple of far more cheerful topics.
5022	MPs are not allowed to sit on the main benches of the Lords but May is permitted to watch proceedings from the steps of the throne because she is a privy counsellor – a right that is taken up only in extremely rare circumstances.
5023	Mr. Ahamed assumed the additional charge as Minister of State for Human Resource Development on 12 July, 2011.
5024	Mr. Babas noted that the police and other security agencies had deployed enough officials to the area to ensure protection of lives and property.
5025	Mr. Bowman went on to talk of the Animal Care Code of Conduct, cow herd expansion, the research update, the fact that there is a national check-off increase and regional marketing initiative as well as a program to make beef the product of choice.
5026	Mr Brook said of the search: 'This defendant is interested in what the security will be for a large public event the following day.
5027	Mr Cassar called on Transport Malta to confirm that he is still its employee and that all his work conditions would be respected.
5028	Mr. Chakonta tells Q-News that the World Test projects under the World Skills International are developed through online collaboration of international industry experts and trainers representing participation countries for skills excellence standards.
5029	Mr Connery, who lives alone, is a keen follower of the events of the war, and eagerly awaits the arrival of the Otago Daily Times and the Otago Witness.
5030	Mr Crabb said last night he had been ‘foolish’ but insisted there was no sexual contact and he had not kissed her.
5031	Mr Dent explained he did not act because "he didn't sense danger after he touched her", and Ms Swift did not signal that he should intervene.
5032	Mr. Denyo appealed to the Sunyani Municipal Assembly to provide and place refuse containers at vantage points to stop people from littering.
5033	Mr Dery said in 2015/2016, ActionAid again collaborated with UNICEF to undertake extensive sensitisation of chiefs and community members to be aware of the practice and also empower the girl- child to resist abduction.
5034	Mr Donkor who was delivering his maiden address at the second ordinary session of the Adaklu District Assembly at Waya, said in view of the above, no new contract would be awarded by the Assembly this year.
5035	Mr. Dupree continued to make trips to Afghanistan, with the guerrillas, while Mrs. Dupree worked with refugees.
5036	Mr. Einhorn has made comments skeptical of Tesla, saying he shorts the stock because he believes its value is overrated.
5037	Mr. Grundfest said initial coin offerings represent a “pervasive, open and notorious violation” of federal securities law.
5038	Mr. Gubarev’s attorneys are trying to find out who was and whether that person warned the editors that the document was not verified.
5039	Mr. Hnath has a history with the Steinberg Charitable Trust: He has won two Steinberg/ATCA New Play Award Citations, each worth $7,500.
5040	Mr Howarth’s not-for-profit organisation “Earth Shield Program” aims to purchase a giant space telescope and place it on the back of a Mercedes Unimog truck, thereupon to roam the outback looking for any rogue rocks that might be headed our way.
5041	Mr Huck also paid tribute to the hospital staff who operated on him and helped him recuperate.
5042	Mr. Louboutin, here with some of his trademark red soles in 2010, has been a tenacious presence in pop culture for years, turning up often on television and film, in song and story.
5043	Mr Lungu said he is confident that Luapula will be a developed province in the next five years.
5044	Mr. Modi will also felicitate the members of 16 families associated with an 1817 rebellion in Odisha against the British rule.
5045	Mr Mugwadi said Prof Moyo’s behaviour illustrated “how gate-crushers, late-comers and sell outs turned revolutionaries in a people’s revolution behave.”
5046	Mr. Nadlemann says this approach to ganja smoking is misguided.
5047	Mr Nzala says the Authority will also introduce fiscalization in order to have an improved level of domestic VAT collections through monitoring of sales at the point of sale.
5048	Mr Osman added: “Young women were refusing to get married unless a fortune was spent on wedding gold and household furnishings.”
5049	Mr Oyebamiji made the charge while meeting the Management of the Ministry on assumption of office.
5050	Mr. Puttaswamy said ₹66 lakh had to be paid towards the salaries of PAs of legislators and it was really strange that elected representatives were not in a position to help their PAs.
5051	Mr Rowe has thanked everyone at the club for their help over 2017 and said it has been a “real highlight in my life”.
5052	Mrs Audan said goodbye to her pupils and colleagues on January 31. The principal, governing body, staff and pupils of Jai Hind Primary wish her a happy and well-deserved retirement.
5053	Mrs Bello urged the people of the state ‎ to use the opportunity of free health care and eye treatment to free themselves from unnecessary ailment.
5054	Mrs Dalung is survived by her husband and five children.
5055	“Mr (Senate) President, it is time for you and this Senate to act. Democracy will continue to be government of the people, for the people and by the people,” Dino Melaye said.
5056	Mrs IA Naidoo was definitely a woman of substance.
5057	Mrs. Miriam Faith Garrell Prince, 64, died Wednesday, Dec. 20, 2017, at Columbus Regional Healthcare in Whiteville.
5058	Mr. Speaker, like our children, they are a Bermuda treasure too, in need of care and attention.
5059	Mr Spicer also added that the President had also spoken to British Prime Minister, Theresa May, about the attacks.
5060	Mr. Trump’s behavior on social media reminds me of a heartbroken teenager haphazardly tweeting his frustration to the world.
5061	Mr Wamalwa said leaders from the region allied to Nasa were misleading the community for their selfish ends.
5062	Ms Delvaux-Stehres said: “We ask the commission to look at what kind of jobs — or more precisely what kind of tasks — will be taken over by robots.
5063	"Ms Gibson deliberately played on the genuine desire of members of the Australian community to help those less fortunate," Justice Debra Mortimer wrote in her judgement.
5064	Ms Kaganda has made her name as a courageous police officer who always insisted on the need for officers to adhere to professionalism.
5065	Ms. Lerner and Ms. Paz have given depositions in that case but have asked that their testimony be kept secret, saying they fear death threats.
5066	Ms Saunders said: "Courtney had a history of autism, post traumatic stress disorder and mild learning difficulties.
5067	M&T Bank Corporation declared that its Board of Directors has initiated a share buyback plan on Wednesday, June 28th that permits the company to buyback $900.00 million in shares.
5068	MTV confirmed the pop superstar Katy Perry will host and perform at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards.
5069	Much of the talk around the topic has been focused on the numerous accusations against producer Harvey Weinstein (“Shakespeare in Love,” “Gangs of New York”) and actor Kevin Spacey (“American Beauty,” “The Usual Suspects”).
5070	Mueller says people who buy homes in this kind of community want three things: “They want great food, they want great entertainment, and they want education.”
5071	Mugabe has always said there will not be any coalition to talk about and here Mujuru tells us that it would require 10 years to implement a coalition agreement.
5072	Muhammad Akram, a fisherman here, said that most of fish on display in the UAQ fish market have been caught from the creeks of the emirate.
5073	Multiple versions suit the polarised society of today, where according to one's political alignment, one not only interprets history but emphasises that version as THE truth.
5074	Mum wasn’t a fan of this decision.
5075	Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its position in shares of Consolidated Communications Holdings by 1.6% in the third quarter.
5076	Murphy also shared what we already know, that the trip will leave an indelible memory in the minds of his students and, years hence, will likely be on the short list of their greatest experiences.
5077	Muschamp on Gators: "I'll always have an affection for Florida"
5078	“Music brings peoples together; it helps you perceive things that cannot be perceived outside of music.
5079	Music’s record shop was looted and eventually shattered.
5080	• Must adhere to the Hotel’s safety standards and procedures.
5081	Mustafa Ameen, the Islamic Society of New Tampa’s lawyer and spokesman, said this is the first time a fire has been intentionally set at the mosque.
5082	M.V. Kids to Perform “Princess And The Pea”
5083	“My Administration is committed to the effective delivery of quality services to all Philadelphians.
5084	"My aunt has tried everything she could, but she is not working and cannot afford to pay for my surgery.
5085	My behavior was wrong and inexcusable, and I accept full responsibility."
5086	My best experience while there?
5087	“My business has always been super busy with northerners since I opened, but slows down in the off season,” she said.
5088	My column was published and within days the Post was notified by a reliable source that certain claims in my column were incorrect.
5089	My conscience is captive to the Word of God.
5090	“My crime was to get funds for gender-confirming surgery,” says Shagasyia “Shea” Diamond.
5091	"My Dad was a bookie and got me into it when I was young.
5092	My diagnosis was simple but severe muscle tightness.
5093	"My entire test was civil rights and the women's rights movement."
5094	My ex’s father had the solution for that: during the summer he’d do a turkey at least once a week, and slow-roast it on their giant stone barbecue.
5095	“My father married many wives and he doesn’t care for us.
5096	My first thought for this month was California syrah, an often maligned but rapidly improving category.
5097	My girlfriend broke her ankle in two places on the back steps because I couldn’t get a permit.
5098	My grandfather is black so I’m not racist.
5099	My hpts are all negative (Ive taken 9 of them so far).
5100	My Islam teaches tolerance and let people exercise their choice.
5101	My love, care and devotion to my children are non-negotiable.
5102	“My meetings with faculty, staff, students, and alumni, showed a clear consensus that current students’ interests have changed in regards to the kind of college experience they want to have.
5103	My mind went to a sentence I read in an online article in a British newspaper earlier this year.
5104	“My mother is not.”
5105	“My mum ceaselessly prayed for me.
5106	My opinion is why does the Eritrean regime have to chose between these two options?
5107	"My priority is now to continue contact with the U.S. and others in the run-up to the G7 meeting on 10-11 April - to build coordinated international support for a ceasefire on the ground and an intensified political process."
5108	My role was to advise and monitor all her assignments.
5109	“My roommates and I were sitting on our couch all looking at Facebook and we came across a video of In-N-Out,” Hunt said.
5110	My sister, 71 this year, only learned from me last month that her middle name is Mary, not Renzie.
5111	"My solo material is the kind of music that I love, stylistically this is me and I'm saying things that I want to say."
5112	Mystery author at Waldoboro library - Rockland - Camden - Knox - Courier-Gazette - Camden Herald of your 3 free stories per week.
5113	“My stomach was a little expanded.
5114	MYTH: Your diet could be the cause or the cure.
5115	My wife works for council helping the vulnerable in the community.
5116	My Wife: You've had enough pie!
5117	‘Naach Meri Jaan’, the only single entry in the soundtrack, also belongs to familiar Pritam territory but is fun all the same.
5118	Nabatanzi's five-year-old son who was diagnosed with a heart problem early this year worries her as she has to spend Shs120, 000 a week to buy him medicine.
5119	NAIJ.com had previously reported that Ademola Adeleke who was the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was declared winner of the Osun west senatorial district by-election.
5120	Najib’s lawyer Wan Azmir Wan Majid said that since Najib was now part of Zaid’s court case, he would have to submit a reply to affidavits filed previously.
5121	NAJRAN, Dec 30 (Saba) – The artillery force of the army and popular committees continued shelling the locations and gatherings of the Saudi army in Najran and Jizan border cities, a military official told Saba on Saturday.
5122	Namantsoe Mokoatle and Sboniso Maphangaat brought their sense of style to the event.
5123	“Naming a local park after her would go a long way toward making up for that misstep, for sure.”
5124	Narcissists mental abuse tactics used frequently: Silent Treatment.
5125	Narratively it's a mess, the stakes don't work & the villain isn't great.
5126	Natalie Portman plays a biologist on an expedition to the mysterious area that almost killed her husband.
5127	Nathaniel McCartney, 29 of Green River was arrested by the SWCSO for alleged driving under suspension and expired registration.
5128	National Doctor's Day is celebrated to commemorate the contributions of the gods on earth.
5129	Nawaz Sharif's wife on course to win his by-.
5130	NBC Sunday Night Football (14.9 mil/4.2) was up a bit from last week’s fast nationals.
5131	NC Policy Watch released maps Tuesday containing that information.
5132	Neale Thompson decided to buy four black Americana crossbreed chickens in August, mainly because he wanted eggs.
5133	Nearly a dozen of her fellow Nobel Laureates called upon Daw Aung San Suu Kyi to condemn those responsible for the Rohingya crisis.
5134	Nearly a month has passed since local media revealed Osaka-based Moritomo Gakuen, a private educational firm with a nationalist bent, secured a huge — and suspicious — discount on land for a new elementary school.
5135	Necromancy also occurs in Greek and Roman sources.
5136	Needham & Company LLC upped their target price on Zillow Group from $40.00 to $41.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th.
5137	Needless to say, after shellacking himself in peanut butter and cream, we needed to make a hasty exit.
5138	Needs a large dog, lifting leg.
5139	Neerja gave up her life two days before she would have turned 23, to save a large group of American children during a hijack of a Pan-Am flight by terrorists at the Karachi International Airport in Pakistan on September 5, 1986.
5140	Neither is public information available on the Grynberg issue.
5141	Neither man was seriously injured in the confrontation, but Stanford said that might not have been the case if officers hadn’t arrived when they did.
5142	Neither side was able to take a grip on the game after the restart and although there were half chances at either end, both keepers remained untested.
5143	Neither team seemed, trading 3-pointers, floaters and drives to the basket while hitting a combined 11 of 16 shots.
5144	Neither The New York Times nor The Washington Post points out to readers that their staff is among the mere 6 percent of private-sector American workers who belong to labor unions.
5145	Neither the UN, the EU, the UK, the US, the Vatican, Greece and Turkey can make a deal.
5146	Nelson made sure to go yard in the nightcap and did it twice for good measure.
5147	Neri uses real events from the Christmas seasons of 1935, 1937, and 1956 to weave his tales.
5148	Netanyahu and his allies would be elated if President Trump moved the embassy, and the Israeli leader in recent days has even backed President Trump’s plan in the US for a border wall with Mexico.
5149	Neurocrine Biosciences () traded up 4.70% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $62.14.
5150	Nevada lawmakers begin work.
5151	Never reluctant to call out a flop – in the old days, he will tell me, a favourite backstage game at the NT was: “What are the 10 worst productions we’ve ever done?”
5152	Nevertheless, Asadov and his partners avoided insolvency by lending the business €2.4 million themselves.
5153	Nevertheless, as we have seen, it is quite possible indeed.”
5154	Nevertheless, Kevin has bonded with Bella since then.
5155	Nevertheless, Pierson reiterates several times that she feels better equipped to serve Trump from the outside, “fighting the media” and “building out his grassroots.”
5156	New camps, including “Circus Week” are already in the planning stages for next summer.
5157	New Day hosted the official WrestleMania 33 set reveal from Camping World Stadium in Orlando,, Florida on Friday night.
5158	New England (9-2) posted their seventh consecutive victory and third straight win over Miami.
5159	New England is more than two touchdown favorites even against Houston’s defense that finished the regular season No. 1 in fewest yards allowed.
5160	New EPA head Scott Pruitt receiving a helmet and round of applause from Pennsylvania coal miners in April.
5161	New Jersey and Maine both approved legislation earlier this year bumping the age to 21.
5162	New Jersey experienced such a problem in 2016 when a hedge-fund billionaire declared himself a resident of Florida.
5163	Newly constructed ramps will open this week, allowing vehicles traveling eastbound on the parkway to exit at the KY 7 interchange.
5164	New on this year’s line-up is Ponsonby darling Saan and chef Lek Trirattanavatin with award-winning Northern Thai cuisine, and chef Murray Wiblin from Vodka Room serving up Russian (and vodka) inspired specialties.
5165	New research has dispelled the myth that baby boomers are self-indulgent.
5166	NewsWatch: How to make money with stocks despite September’s awful record - ForexTVNZD: A ‘Fading Star’; What’s The Trade?
5167	New variants of our Helios, Prometheus Q14 thermal imagers and new variants of our thermal weapon and clip-on sights were introduced at the show.
5168	NEW YORK (AP) — Olympic champ Michael Phelps is participating in Discovery network’s Shark Week this summer, although he won’t be asked to outswim one.
5169	New York City bombing suspect warned Trump he 'failed to protect US'
5170	New York Democratic Congressman Tom Suozzi gave some hair-raising opinions about delicate New York political matters.
5171	New York, May 19 (IANS) Exercising burns the fat found within bone marrow and this process improves bone quality in a matter of weeks, says a study.
5172	New York's American Museum of Natural History has an intriguing proposition: Bring in anything you have and don't know what it is, and scientists will try to identify it.
5173	New York Times CEO Mark Thompson says he think the Times can eventually get to 10 million digital subscribers, several times larger than the current level.
5174	NEW YORK, United States of America, September 18, 2017/APO/ —
5175	New York Voices are a Grammy-award winning group performing as a part of "Loyola Presents."
5176	New Zealand agriculture needs more collaboration and Farmlands intends to play a leading role here, and our partnership with Fieldays is a great start," said Mr Reidie.
5177	NextEra Energy Partners, has a 12 month low of $23.90 and a 12 month high of $39.
5178	Next, Gutierrez claims that Kelly lied about “preventing the mass deportation of DREAMers” to the CHC.
5179	Next, North Carolina and Oregon will tip-off at 8:49 p.m. ET.
5180	Next POV: Dayla’s Other Story/4.1 Miles – Monday at 9 p.m.
5181	Next time Team Trump tells a court its immigration policies are a matter of immediate national security, its failure to stick to that story may hurt.
5182	Next time this happens, go find a picture of a large rollercoaster that has high peaks, steep declines and many twists and turns.
5183	Next UAE beat Bahrain.
5184	Next week’s (March 26, 30) guest is Ralph Hardy, author of “Argos: The Story of Odysseus as Told by His Loyal Dog.”
5185	NEXT WEEK: Warm, dry weather continues through the first half of the week; seems like the next chance of wet weather will late next week.
5186	… Next week we’re just going to put it all behind us.”
5187	NFL players have shown ‘disrespect’ for the ‘great pyramid’
5188	Nic has learned how to sign and to speak.
5189	Nichole Roxas is a medical student at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry and a graduate of the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
5190	Nick Viall’s fiancee is reportedly worried that she made a “mistake” and her family is having “concerns” about The Bachelor engagement.
5191	Nigeria: Does Nigeria's Yoruba Have the World's Highest Twin Birth Rate?
5192	Nigerian musician, Burna Boy has expressed his dislike for pastors and preachers of the gospel.
5193	Nigerian needs more chartered accountants – Ambode This post was originally published on this site Governor Akinwunmi Ambode Governor Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State on Monday said.
5194	Nigeria’s huge potentials were abundantly harnessed and the country took its place as the true giant of Africa under the then young General.
5195	Nikki Bella on John Cena's proposal: 'I forgot how to breathe'
5196	Nikki Haley, America’s new envoy, used her first appearance at the UN Security Council to lambaste Moscow’s actions in the region, despite a promise by the US President to repair East-West relations.
5197	Nine-time champions Australia fought back to take the encounter to the wire, but the British team defended their citadel well and banked on brisk counters to assert pressure on the rivals.
5198	Nissan-Renault’s emergency rescue of Mitsubishi Motors last year may seem perplexing to Americans who know the latter brand as a shadow of its former self.
5199	NM: I totally forgot about Tei Shi.
5200	“No, almost certainly not,” came the reply.
5201	Nobles Funeral Home and Crematory announces the services for Betty Joyce Crosby, age 84, who passed away Sunday, December 3, 2017 at her residence under the care of Serenity Hospice.
5202	“Nobody ever thinks you’re going to wind up in a mission, but it was a Godsend for me, it’s helped me a lot,” Clarke said.
5203	Nobody gave Ahmed al-Dainiy a second glance on Thursday as he walked among the youthful crowd on the opening day of Saudi Arabia's first Comic-Con event, wearing a horse head mask.
5204	Nobody has yet, but by doing so there is the possibility you can get some surprising, and pleasant, results.
5205	No charges are expected to be filed, Seuzeneau said.
5206	No children please.
5207	No civilised country show sympathy for retarted stanis.
5208	Nodding to the projection, he lists off: “Jobs, Economy, Work, all that good stuff.”
5209	No doubt its proximity to the terrain park and a subsequent younger clientele makes it in the owner’s interest to keep prices as low as possible.
5210	No EU country currently cuts childcare benefits for people with children in other member states.
5211	No family planning dollars are now spent on abortions in Iowa, a point that highlights the philosophical differences in the Iowa statehouse after the Nov. 8 election.
5212	No formal discussions were set in Alaska on key issues such as climate change, development and drilling.
5213	No, God's love was displayed best in the life, ministry, death and resurrection of Jesus.
5214	“No…I could manage when I was in the junior role, there wasn’t too much pressure, but being in management is totally different.
5215	No, I don't know anything.
5216	No I'm not talking about overall talking about ordering you do things like film like a so you say did Steve Harvey things you know I would say he had very specific breakfast hours.
5217	No. In what was the heaviest shore bombardment by a U.S. naval vessel since the Korean war, the Americans retreating from Lebanon launched 300 missiles inland, killing hundreds of Druze and Shia non-combatants.
5218	No. Its suggest they are child sexual predators.
5219	No job is worth this.
5220	No life-threatening injuries have been reported.
5221	No major cloud provider has fallen victim to all the malware attacks of the last few years.
5222	No matter what happens to us, we’re gonna be alright.
5223	No members of the public had appeared to comment on the proposal.
5224	No mention of the previous hate-preaching against Jews that the mosque imams have engaged in.
5225	Nominate an Inmate 2 will run on the weekends of May 21-22 and May 27-28, 2017.
5226	Nomura Holdings Inc ADR had a return on equity of 8.69% and a net margin of 15.47%.
5227	None of the 10,000 copies reached the newspaper stands.
5228	None of the buses otherwise have been removed.
5229	None of this is new information.
5230	Nonetheless, Dr. Egert suggested that in most cases it may be best to throw away your sponge when it starts to stink — a sign that the nasty bacteria may be there — even if it may not harm you.
5231	Nonetheless, Hargreaves Lansdown analyst George Salmon believes that "things are finally starting to look up at" the company.
5232	Nonetheless, if the Israeli government sticks to the decision to leave the detectors in place, instead of considering the wider interest – which is more about security than politics – even Abbas could opt for more drastic actions.
5233	Noodles, burgers, French fries, desserts, sushi, meat, tacos, even vegetarian options — there is something for everyone.
5234	No one at Lincolnshire police was available for comment.
5235	No one at the Church of Scientology was immediately available for comment.
5236	No one can ever walk in your shoes, Penny.
5237	No one looked me in the eye.
5238	No one so far has escaped Trump’s propensity to undercut policy and strategy with a single tweet.
5239	No one wants to listen to your dubstep at 8 a.m. on a Wednesday.
5240	“No other airline in Pakistan is currently using this aircraft.”
5241	No other individual source was named by more than 3% of those who clicked on links.
5242	“No part of me is a mistake.
5243	“No pressure,” Maher joked, this time getting a smile and a goodbye hug from the senator.
5244	Noreika, a financial services lawyer appointed by Trump in May, wrote to CFPB Director Richard Cordray on Monday asking him to delay publishing the rule in the Federal Register — a move that starts the implementation clock ticking.
5245	Nor indeed was the fact that planning consent had yet to be granted for the project.
5246	Northbound traffic for Gatwick airport will exit the M23 at junction 10 and take the A2011 Crawley Avenue to the A23 London Road to reach Airport Way and the North Terminal roundabout to the South Terminal.
5247	North Carolina Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, in cooperation with the Haywood County Cooperative Extension, will be offering a Pesticide Collection Day for residents in Haywood County and surrounding counties.
5248	North Dakota farmers are growing industrial hemp for the first time in more than 70 years, and the New Crops research program in the NDSU Department of Plant Sciences is conducting research to assist them.
5249	North Eastern Jewish Centre will begin looking for a new rabbi after the high holy days.
5250	Northeastern New Mexico will have a shot at a few storms later this afternoon and evening, very much like yesterday.
5251	North Korea called the re-listing "a serious provocation and a violent infringement upon our dignified country".
5252	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un smiles as he guides a test fire of a new multiple launch rocket system.
5253	North Korea's late-night launch added to exasperation in Washington, Seoul and Tokyo over Pyongyang's capability to make and deliver nuclear weapons and ICBMs.
5254	Northwestern football coach Pat Fitzgerald speaks at Big Ten Media Day in Chicago on Monday, July 24, 2017.
5255	Northwest Iowa — The harvest is winding down here in northwest Iowa, and now farmers face an agricultural economy which has stabilized, but has yet to rebound.
5256	Norway has remained a strong partner with the Government and people of Liberia and its support has helped strengthen the institutional capacity of Liberia's justice and security institutions to uphold the rule of law and improve access to justice.
5257	No severe weather is expected between now and next Wednesday, according to forecasts from the National Weather Service.
5258	No shots were fired by officers, Cook said.
5259	No such breakdown of sexual harassment claims has been previously released by the Office of Compliance.
5260	Notably, Adam Housley didn’t name Rice as the culprit this morning; he acknowledged that her name was floating around in other people’s reports but he hadn’t independently confirmed that Rice was responsible.
5261	Not airplanes or subways.
5262	Not all gamers care about the highest resolution and prettiest effects.
5263	Not a very strong field, but enough that lightweight things like small nuts/bolts/screws/washers/paperclips would stick to his skin.
5264	Not a word of Hindi being spoken.
5265	Note: 2016 values are preliminary.
5266	Note as well that PSCF extends beyond the small banks cohort as it encompasses the full sector.
5267	Note that harvest data from S Brazil so far, like Mato Grosso, indicates a pace well advanced on last year.
5268	"Not even Frank Foley managed it."
5269	Not everyone agrees, especially when it comes to smoking on restaurant patios.
5270	No, they did not!
5271	Nothing has really changed since the campaign.
5272	Nothing in Brokenshire’s article suggests that.
5273	Nothing lived there, nothing could.
5274	Nothing wrong with that, that is constitutional.
5275	No, this is a great conversation.
5276	No timeline was provided in the report.
5277	Not in financial need of selling the collection, and unwilling to see the work scattered across the country, Trokel told Shepard that she decided to donate the entire collection to the Fort Wayne Museum of Art.
5278	Not likely a coincidence."
5279	Not long after, Stryk pulled $250,000 out of his savings, moved his family to the Washington suburbs and started hiring.
5280	“Not one of these books can be understood unless we read the two others; but of the three the only quite trustworthy one is the last.
5281	Not only alive and well, but bigger and better.
5282	Not saying Bannon wasn’t cray before.
5283	Not site content applying the remarkable of our own essay composing professional services?
5284	Not so much to protect the public interest, but because the corporate brand was becoming tarnished.
5285	Not surprisingly, it is the turn of the family of the juvenile accused to scream blue murder.
5286	Not surprising then how left-leaning, lifelong politicians …on the public dole… would find him so offensive, much as they do Trump.
5287	Not to mention Styles would be the odds on favorite to win, which would only add fuel to Orton and Wyatt's fire.
5288	Not to mention the fact that the legendary band’s performance dates also correspond with the National Finals Rodeo season in Las Vegas which means even more Alabama fans in town.
5289	Not when fans will jam the 3,000-seat, open-air theater that’s been constructed in Philadelphia at the Art Museum — near the famed Rocky steps, no less — for the first outdoor draft.
5290	Not yet anything widespread.
5291	Nova Scotia power will be using a helicopter to complete assembly of six new transmission towers across the Canso Strait.
5292	Now 20, she was tried in juvenile court, and waived her right to a trial by jury, according to The Washington Post.
5293	Now and again in the hype period for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, the game’s creators compared it to the original NES classic.
5294	Now a new study out from the Journal of Human Resources will only make many of us feel guiltier.
5295	Now he has played in his first World Series, and it has brought him a Championship ring and a sweet winter off.
5296	Now he is ready to play for us, that makes it difficult.”
5297	Nowhere but America do horrific large-scale mass shootings happen with this degree of regularity.
5298	Now, he says he no longer feels afraid, because he can see that little has changed in the daily life of Muslims and Arabs where he lives.
5299	Now, he’s running through Syracuse and working his way to Portland, Oregon.
5300	Now, how do we get our hands on the recipe?
5301	Now Iaquinta will once again have his career put on hold for an injury, but hopefully, this time around the injury won’t be nearly as severe and we can all have the pleasure of watching him fight in the near future.
5302	Now, if they again remember Tagore on May 9 as per the Bengali calendar, it will only expose their electoral intent.
5303	Now, in the spirit of In The Land of Blood and Honey, Jolie has turned her directorial eye to the true life story of Loung Ung, a Cambodian woman who lived her childhood through the rise and fall of the Khmer Rouge regime.
5304	Now is giving an update on how is doing and if she has found love.
5305	Now it is time to use Islamic SUKUSUKU to fleece our oil money.
5306	Now it's a headmost conceptual design company operating worldwide with offices in Moscow and Los Angeles.
5307	Now it's a pile of concrete and steel.
5308	No wonder that the UN has periodically returned to censure Israel for its ongoing occupation and — in violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention — the construction of settlements on occupied land.
5309	Now open days will be held across the City to interact with residents about billing issues.
5310	No word on a number of injuries at the plant, or what caused the explosion.
5311	Now our media is owned by eight people, and all of these swear allegance to Israel, and Germany had the same problem with this very country in the 20's which really upset the women trying to teach their children good morals.
5312	Now playwright Tim Slover, in concert with dramaturg and fellow University of Utah theater professor Martine Kei Green-Rogers, has created a contemporary translation of the play as part of Oregon Shakespeare Festival's groundbreaking Play on!
5313	Now that I can talk, it’s different.
5314	Now that the destination for at least one has been leaked, maybe that prison will quietly move him elsewhere.
5315	Now the Dems have allies…the loons of the “Freedumb Caucus” who don’t think AHCA goes far enough in punishing the poor.
5316	Now, the discrepancy between the GOP’s fiscal priorities, and its voters’ material needs, has become stark enough to challenge partisan loyalties.
5317	Now the only question left is, who's bad: Bayley for her plagiarism or Seth for his inability to see coincidence?
5318	Now, the toy company has announced that they will be releasing a series of Stan Lee figures, celebrating some of his many cameos in Marvel films.
5319	Now they are states only in name.
5320	Now, Trump has taken to Twitter again, saying, “Wow, Senator Luther Strange Picked up a lot of Additional Support since my endorsement.”
5321	Now who is being naive?
5322	Now, Wilbur says, the plant has six trucks in operation and is working on a seventh, predominantly producing transit mixes.
5323	NRAO will release data products from the survey as quickly as they can be produced.
5324	NS appoints Mi’kmaq, black women to bench: ‘This is a huge step forward’
5325	Numbers are limited this year so contestants are advised not to hesitate but to enter today so as not be disappointed.
5326	NUS president Shakira Martin: ‘This goes way beyond tuition fees.
5327	Nutritionists recommend foods that require the least amount of oxygen to digest: carbohydrates such as potatoes, beans and nuts.
5328	NW FIlm Center continues its admirable mission to present alternative choices for mid-afternoon kids fare.
5329	“OAG is the chief prosecuting agency of a state, which has ascendency over any other prosecuting agency on the subject of prosecution.”
5330	OAKLAND, Calif. — James Lockett sits on his bed and opens the drawer of his nightstand, revealing a stash of asthma inhalers: purple disc-shaped ones he uses twice a day to manage his symptoms and others for full-blown attacks.
5331	Obirek said the ordeal has left her shaken and she has already received threatening phone calls.
5332	O Bistro is located at 200 North Main Street in Wolfeboro; call 515-1003.
5333	Oboh added that Kanu and other leaders of the commanders have repeatedly insisted on “referendum or violent breakup of Nigeria."
5334	Observers should focus on the right things,” Odinga told the Carter Center delegation.
5335	“Obviously, in this league you have to play good defense, but you also have to score goals and we’re not generating enough Grade A opportunities,” said Schenn, who has one goal in his last nine games.
5336	“Obviously I wanted to be there, I wanted to play in the game, but I thought for myself, for the team and everybody’s best interests, it was good for me to get that week.
5337	“Obviously the injury was a really big setback for me at a point where I thought there was an opportunity for me to take a spot, if you like.
5338	Occasionally, go back and delete the redundant/old duplicate files to make the most of of your storage space.
5339	Occupants in the Mazda suddenly opened fire on the police, who retaliated.
5340	Occupation: Chairman of the Community Policing Forum (CPF).
5341	Oddo led the night with 15 kills.
5342	Of all the charges against Price, mail fraud carries the longest potential sentence, at 20 years.
5343	Of all the people the plane could have hit, there are few better qualified to help in an emergency situation than Meffert.
5344	“Of course, for an organization such as Fintrac the name of the game is ID,” he said during a panel discussion hosted by the Competition Bureau.
5345	Of course, he would.
5346	Of course, it’s got a jazzy taste to it.”
5347	Of course, making roads safer isn’t Uber’s only motivation here.
5348	Of course, most of the time it’s a delicious experience that leaves you happy and satisfied in the moment.
5349	Of course Pats fan love it because it fuels their team.
5350	Of course, the $64,000 question is what to do?
5351	Of course, the publication has a very poor track record when it comes to accurately reporting about the reality star, so we’re not surprised by this fabrication.
5352	Of course we shouldn’t condone or allow violent protests and riots in the nation’s streets.
5353	Of course, you're not going to spend all four years with your nose in a newspaper.
5354	Officer located the vehicle parked and unoccupied.
5355	Officers responded to an address in reference to a report of fraud.
5356	Officers said they suspect the accused then got into an autorickshaw parked some distance from the scene of crime.
5357	Officers say a 2017 Dodge Van overturned when the driver swerved to avoid hitting a rabbit.
5358	Officers say they’d received multiple calls from many locations throughout Williamsburg and in some cases, witnesses described a late model white Chevy Colorado.
5359	Officers used tear gas to try to quell the disturbance.
5360	Officers were also warned that Wolf said “he was going to kill police if they showed up,” according to the report.
5361	Officials estimate the gap between authorized expenses and revenue is $4-6 million a year.
5362	Officials repeatedly delayed sending the information, originally requested on June 10 last year, until the Information Commissioner watchdog warned them they were breaking the Freedom of Information Act.
5363	Officials requested $10 million for the program in the 2018 fiscal year, up from the $9.9 million enacted for fiscal 2017.
5364	Officials said dog admissions increased every monsoon, mostly due to road accident cases.
5365	Officials said the Scranton family was consulted and approved this name change.
5366	Often after closing buyers decide to clear, build or fence the property only to discover that what they believed to be their property belongs to the neighbor.
5367	Often the person reached did not have a concrete understanding of the complaints policy or where to find it.
5368	Often, they tend to grow toward the centre of their host’s crown and are concealed amongst the host tree’s own leafy branches.
5369	“Often you get people who work with you in the recording studio, who are blasé.
5370	Of the 80 nests, 70 are in the Kanika range.
5371	Of the 812 counselled students, 152 were counselled for psychological-social issues, 121 for pre and post HIV tests while 87 sought guidance over fees issues.
5372	Of the 8,605 photos on my phone’s camera roll, I’d guess about half were taken because I wanted to remember a specific moment.
5373	Of this game nobody cares about.
5374	Of those that shared cost information, rental rates range from low- to mid-$30s per sf for downtown spaces to mid- to high-$20s per sf for SES properties.
5375	Oguntuase described Fayose as a man of the people and the opposition leader in the country, who commanded enormous followership across the six geopolitical zones of the country.
5376	Oh, and as badly as everything went at least one person at Blum's TV interview was having a good time.
5377	Oh, by the way don’t worry about my dog Spike.
5378	Ohio’s program will be run by three different agencies, the Department of Commerce and the medical and pharmacy boards.
5379	Oh man … This is bad!
5380	Oh the Horrors of Men looking at little Girls, Old White Men do not want to look at girls in the John, This is just another crazy Legislator wanting to get his, her name out there for the Preachers.
5381	Oh, wait, that’s an Obama thing…
5382	Oh yeah, and before he does all that, he wires $100,000 to his girlfriend in the Philippines?
5383	Oh yeah, I’m still alive.
5384	Oil markets jumped on Monday on concerns over potential renewed U.S. sanctions against Iran as well.
5385	Oil policy has been well defined and while it is difficult to attract private capital into exploration in today’s low oil price environment, there is no uncertainty regarding the government’s intent.
5386	Oil production decreased 27% in the 2017 quarter to 66,547 barrels, versus 90,760 barrels in the 2016 quarter, while gas production decreased 13% to 1,748,909 Mcf for the 2017 quarter, compared to the 2016 quarter.
5387	Oj himself has the foresight of leadership to know that every society has a huge deposit of men and women with profound wisdom, knowledge and skills to solve problems.
5388	Okay, how about “dull?”
5389	Okay, we can now proceed with me, and mine alone, proverbial knowledge—such as it is.
5390	OK, I really did not expect any of this.
5391	OKLAHOMA CITY — An Oklahoma couple who carried their baby without a brain to term to donate her organs said goodbye to their newborn last week, KFOR reports.
5392	Oklahoma ended up winning 41-3 on Saturday, but it wasn’t the game people were talking about, but a touchdown celebration by Mayfield.
5393	Older types of PET scans show what region of the brain appears most affected, of limited help.
5394	Old tax returns — especially those covering the purchase or sale of property — can be important for compiling future returns, possibly decades into the future.
5395	Olga also co-founded to prepare women in-house attorneys become general counsel and legal leaders and to help women law firm partners become rainmakers.
5396	Olumese, however, said that the impending crisis could be avoided by the acquisition of both hydrological data and systematic study of basin aquifers.
5397	O’Mara and Palmesano said they have stayed in contact with Congressman Reed regarding the ACA.
5398	Omar first represented Slovenia in his failed bid to reach the finals with the song Stop in 2005 but he is now set to perform On My Way after winning the national selection last month.
5399	Omar Minaya returning to Mets as a special assistant to the GM is an example of Fred Wilpon’s fingerprints being all over a move.
5400	Omole Isiaka on How ‘deterring’ are our deterrents?
5401	On 26 May, I will accomplish what so many others failed to do.
5402	On an international scale, New York, London and Paris remain unchallenged as the world’s most global cities, although the attractiveness of London as a global hub may change in the future given the Brexit vote.
5403	On an Internet Cuba and popular phone and copy machines water.
5404	On an investors' conference call to talk through United's latest annual results, executive vice-chairman Woodward was asked what plans the Premier League and Uefa had to maximise income from live streaming of games.
5405	“On a related note, nations must also take responsibility to ensure that the digital space does not become a playground for the dark forces of terrorism and radicalization.
5406	On a two-party preferred basis the coalition rose to 47 per cent to Labor’s 53, the latest Newspoll in shows, up from a previous 46 to 54 per cent.
5407	“On behalf of the Government of Canada, I thank the Modern Treaty and Self-Government partners for meeting today under the shared desire to build a better future for our children and grandchildren.
5408	Once, actually not that long ago, the GT S was the range-topping version of its respective lineup.
5409	Once again a reason I don,t drive on bluff st.
5410	"Once again the manager made the right call and this must be particularly depressing to watch for everyone else, a problem raises its head and Chelsea figure it out in double-quick time."
5411	Once a heavily industrial town, Flint for several decades has been besieged with plant closings and foreclosures — “struggling with poverty and violence, neglect, loss of jobs, sturdy housing stock, loss of tax base and population.
5412	Once a report is submitted, the Property Appraiser’s Office will schedule a time to visit the property and document any reported damage.
5413	Once Chou and Hsu perform the acupuncture sessions, they then discuss further methods such as cuppings, massages or herbal treatments available at the location that can further alleviate the patient’s pain.
5414	Once he realizes what the gift is, he screams, "Thank you!" and immediately runs to hug his father.
5415	Once her teenaged years hit, the tears of frustration turned to passion, she said.
5416	Once opened, refrigerate and use within a few days.
5417	Once out of the atmosphere and shortly before staging, the 47-foot-tall, 17-foot-diameter nose cone made of composites is jettisoned three minutes and 15 seconds into flight.
5418	Once Pasieka was handcuffed, Const.
5419	Once the biscuits are cut, and on the cookie sheet, the tops are brushed with melted butter before and after baking.
5420	“Once the charity has been set up and working together with the support of the RNLI, the overall aim will be to campaign to raise awareness of the use of PLBs and correct sea safety logging procedures via an app and website.
5421	Once they attend a prenatal visit, they’re more likely to be in the birth and then more involved with the baby, Barker says.
5422	Once you put in that information, Hopper will return potential destinations that have the best deals during that time frame.
5423	Once you realize this, it’s easily mitigated, but it would’ve been better for that not to be necessary at all.
5424	On each trip, the patients see their physician, who writes a prescription for them to take to the pharmacy.
5425	One can only tear up at the beautiful picture of Carrie looking on at her performing mother.
5426	One day, while still a child myself, I saw a news clip of the New York Stock Exchange and the traders singing "Wait Till the Sun Shines Nellie."
5427	“One guy, he walked past and made a passing comment like, ‘These fucking idiots.
5428	One guy’s wife came to the door and asked, “Are you the guys who have got my husband trying to mortgage this house to build his car?”
5429	One house for each.
5430	One hug for your old friend Trump!
5431	One is west of the Dumas Highway, just south of Cherry Road.
5432	One man who was rescued after his blow-up raft was carried into the middle of the pond said that his friend disappeared.
5433	One motorist killed and another suffers leg injuries in major car.
5434	“One of my neighbors did call and complain about it and they said they were going to do something about it, but we haven’t seen anyone.”
5435	One of the biggest criticisms of RAW and Smackdown, is too many matches don't mean anything.
5436	One of the crap ones they slapped his name on after he died.
5437	One of the former MPs in prison over the 2015 bribery case, Tony Nari, has been released on parole, saying he is sorry to his constituency, the people of Pentecost in a meeting last weekend.
5438	One of their black-shirt “security” groups came to Fyssas’ working-class neighborhood in Athens in order to “sow terror,” according to the group Jail Golden Dawn.
5439	One of the lanes is still reportedly closed for recovery work.
5440	One of the people who replied to her tweet said it had happened to their sister, who had been given just months to live.
5441	One of the perks for these dancers is the knowledge they were the original performers of a piece that potentially could go on for years to come.
5442	One of the potential complications of measles, for example, is encephalitis (swelling of the brain), which can cause lifelong brain damage.
5443	One of the suspects then allegedly pulled out a handgun from his waistband while the other chased several customers from the store.
5444	One of the teams that participated in the tournament was the U12 team from Limpopo.
5445	One of those shirts makes it look like her boobs are Putin's boobs.
5446	'One per cent is not a big figure,' said Gnabry.
5447	One person said: "They were doing donuts with 4x4 vehicles, tearing up the ground.
5448	One possible explanation?
5449	One recent morning on westbound Interstate 8 about 40 miles east of San Diego, an agent standing outside a booth under a large white canopy stopped drivers for a few seconds to ask their citizenship or waved them through after peering inside.
5450	One takeaway is that we must continue to be innovative with our public spaces.
5451	One thing about a mental health health facility is that these services are in demand and often can be supported with medical insurance or other government assistance.
5452	One thing that has marked Shiraishi as a poet has been “jazz poetry,” which all started when the poet Yu Suwa translated Allen Ginsberg’s “Howl” in 1960.
5453	One thought on “Indiana going to the NIT, and fans dazed by decade and a half of mediocrity”
5454	One time he said to me, 'I don't sound anything like that.'
5455	One version behind the name is that ‘bhayakhala’ got its name from the golden shower tree that was nearby.
5456	One was to use the information to lobby the province for more funding, but also to see if the board could do more internally to cut consumption.
5457	ONE WAY TO think of it is through the idea that none of us have a single identity, but rather we have multiple identities, nested on top of each other in a kind of pyramid structure, becoming larger and larger in their scope but not conflicting.
5458	One witness told the deputy she had seen the dog barking and acting frantic before he jumped out.
5459	One woman was struck in the arm.
5460	One wrote: “Ian Beale, are you Jesus?
5461	On Feb. 5, Rob Roy, the chief executive of a data center operator called Switch, said he was attending the Super Bowl with his family when his cellphone rang.
5462	On February 10, 2017, the Company entered into an amendment (the "Amendment") to the employment agreement of James Reid-Anderson, Executive Chairman of the Company.
5463	On feelings after the tonight’s game…
5464	On Friday night, gather on the lawn in front of Alabama’s Archives Building and enjoy this popular annual concert free of charge.
5465	On Friday, they’ll be at the Wellsville Country Club to accept the Wellsville Area Chamber of Commerce’s Small Business of the Year Award.
5466	Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it’s important that we don’t forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster,” the artist said in a statement.
5467	On June 22, 1958 he married Lila Marie Niswonger in Wichita County, Kansas.
5468	On June 26 around 6 a.m., Aspen police were called to the Aspen Meadows on the report of a submerged car in a pond on the campus.
5469	Online:- “An unbiased analysis of the challenges of Nigeria’s budget process!
5470	Online booking is fast catching up in Tamil Nadu, and I believe it is the future.
5471	Online: Complete the online registration form.
5472	• Online publication meet the advance notice requirements already in state law.
5473	Only 3 playoffs wins in 5 years.
5474	Only a few of the players to experience 85g were concussed.
5475	Only a few privileged families could document the date of births and deaths; yet those were private efforts by a tiny proportion of enlightened parents.
5476	Only a fraction are small farms or closely held businesses.
5477	Only Calgary is better, at 18.2.
5478	Only earlier this year, she teamed up with the likes of Serena Williams and Eugenie Bouchard to go completely topless for the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition.
5479	Only politicians talk about power and positions.
5480	Only the deserving will be allowed to operate,” the Speaker added.
5481	Only those arrested for the most serious crimes would be reported to federal immigration agencies.
5482	Only two teams have more cap space than the Canadiens: the Carolina Hurricanes and the Arizona Coyotes.
5483	On many, you could still get the whiff of sunscreen from the summer.
5484	On Monday, Adweek reported that Heinz is resurrecting Draper’s failed “Pass the Heinz” creative pitch—50-some years after he “proposed” it.
5485	On Monday afternoon, a funeral service was held at his private residence in Old Ministers’ Hill, Kohima where hundreds of well wishers, besides relatives, came to bid their last respects to the departed leader.
5486	On Monday, however, the Supreme Court partially reinstated the revised ban but exempted travellers who could prove a “bona fide relationship” with a U.S. person or entity.
5487	On Monday Mrs. New Mexico USA 2017 Ashley Jones and her friends posted a video on Facebook asking for donations.
5488	On Monday North Korea said it would speed up “measures for bolstering its nuclear deterrence” in response to the Trump’s administration’s “maximum pressure,” quoting a statement from a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry of the DPRK.
5489	On number 10, it is Luv Tyagi.
5490	On resting for the limited-overs leg, he said, “Last time I took rest, it was difficult to handle.
5491	On Saturday, members of the CDU’s right wing will seek to end what they see as a shift to the left in the German party.
5492	On Saturday, the Jefferson County Board of Education issued a statement attributed to Remick.
5493	On September 23, John Graves Simcoe returned, this time in the guise of CBC radio host Joe Cote, for the unveiling of a plaque at 320-322 Kingston Road on the site of the old Norway post office which first opened in 1866.
5494	On Slide seven, let's look at our growth indicators.
5495	On Sunday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media.
5496	On Sunday night, a bunch of movie stars gave us unsolicited opinions about politics.
5497	On Sunday, police made two guns arrests within an hour, one on the North Side and one on the South Side.
5498	On Sunday, the number of pilgrims arriving in Madinah stood at 32,468, while those leaving the city for Makkah reached 24,073, according to the National Guides Establishment in Madinah.
5499	On Sunday Zuma appealed to those calling for lifestyle audits to “behave properly”, conduct themselves in an orderly manner.
5500	Ontario County Sheriff's deputies tell us the driver, 20-year-old Nicolas Albrecht, crossed the center lane of the road, hit a barrier and rolled over, and landed on top of some cars in a used car lot.
5501	Ontario filled more opioid prescriptions than ever before amid overdose ‘crisis’
5502	On the basis of component, the global continuous glucose monitoring systems market is sub-segmented into transmitter & monitors, sensors and insulin pumps.
5503	On the boys side, Winder-Barrow finished fourth overall, behind Trinity Christian, Loganville and Morgan County, and was led by senior Jake Martinez, who took seventh place with a time of 18.47.84.
5504	On the bright side, we were 20 seconds early.
5505	On the broader front England may have to address their laissez-faire attitude to team discipline.
5506	On the contrary, she worked harder than I ever saw her work, but it constantly came to dead ends.
5507	On the contrary, they regrouped quickly.
5508	On the corridor to be shared with SWLRT, it wants to preserve the potential of building a second line.
5509	On the evening of Friday May 19, the ladies welcomed Eau-Claire Regis/Chippewa Falls McDonnell for a non-conference bout at Jay Stadium; falling 2-0 to the Raiders.
5510	On the Executive Council Council’s decision to elect Zambia as Chair of the Council for the 2019, Mr. Banda said this signifies the confidence that the Council has in Zambia’s leadership in the organisation.
5511	On the opposite end of the spectrum is Nick Frost's current apocalyptic "out" where he would apparently live a rural life sleeping in a tent and fishing, at least until he could find a boat to get him to the Baltic Sea.
5512	On the other hand, if you own an independent house, you should opt for both the structure and the contents to be covered.
5513	On the other hand the situation for West Ham is not very good.
5514	On the other side of the event area chefs from the Carolinas had lot on offer.
5515	On the other side of things, campaign to name powerful predators in Hollywood is ramping up.
5516	On the plus side at least the UKIP MEP’s will be out of a job as will the rest.
5517	On the same night over at The Baths, The Classic Rock Show returns featuring songs from AC/DC, Queen and The Who.
5518	“On the surface, Boeing is big into health and fitness,” said Ellsworth.
5519	On The X Factor Fleur became the first contestant to score a number one on the iTunes chart while still being on the reality show, with her version of Mark Ronson’s Uptown Funk.
5520	On this saccharine theme he also revealed that, were he to own a yacht, he would call it The Cheryl.
5521	On Thursday afternoon, Gould pleaded guilty to one count of arson.
5522	On Thursday, Greenblatt met in Cairo with senior Egyptian intelligence officials, who brokered the unity deal between the Fatah Party of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas, the terrorist entity that controls the Gaza Strip.
5523	On Thursday, the ECB announced that Stokes and Alex Hales - who was with him when the incident happened - would not be considered for selection until further notice.
5524	On Thursday, the Times reported five women's claims that Louis C.K. made inappropriate sexual advances.
5525	On top of that, although they use manage strong commercial momentum, these efforts and successes will bear fruits and sustain the group trajectory in the coming months.
5526	On Tuesday, as the heroes mixed with the patients, it suddenly became hard to tell who were the heroes and who were the patients.
5527	On Tuesday, Microsoft released a big free upgrade to Windows 10 that brings new features to the operating system.
5528	On Tuesday, officials in Kansas City, Mo., took steps to connect how such real-time data gathered by sensors provides benefits to its citizens.
5529	On Wednesday night, the family said Mr Wyatt had returned to his sister's home in Melbourne, about 17 miles from where he was last seen.
5530	Opens 16 September, runs through 10 February 2019.
5531	Open your mind and see on the map how encompassed Igbo territory really is, it was never going to work as long as the Ibibios, Ijaws, Calabaris etc did not have Ojukwu’s back.
5532	Opinion polls suggest Labour is continuing to make ground, with a YouGov poll for The Times cutting the Tory lead to just three points, although other surveys still give them a double-digit advantage.
5533	Or 10 years ago.
5534	Or as FBI director James Comey did when he notified Congress about his renewed investigation of Hillary Clinton's e-mails less than two weeks before Election Day.
5535	Order a classic BLT and sign up to sing your best (or worst) rendition of "Friends in Low Places."
5536	Or did they do a new one.
5537	Organisers estimated the number of people taking part at 8000 to 10,000, the police at about 3000.
5538	Organizers of the first “Burgers and Bikes” event Tuesday night at Central Park were not only surprised, they were downright giddy on the response to the Main Street Mt. Pleasant promotion.
5539	Originally from Singapore, Ms Lim completed a Master in Nutrition and Food Science at the University of Reading in the United Kingdom in 2016.
5540	Original Mortgagee: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc.
5541	Original plans for extra parking included demolishing several small warehouse sheds and building a new two-story commercial building to provide more office space.
5542	Or is it because they have to make that decision because provincially they're not funding it as they're telling us that they are?"
5543	Or is it standard procedure for billion dollar warships to float blind in the dead of night in one of the world's busiest shipping lanes?
5544	Or PROPAGANDA for short.
5545	Or that DTC-native startups haven’t earned headlines (for better or worse).
5546	Or that they couldn’t wait to get back in the air?
5547	Or visit drive petty dot com to insert your experience.
5548	Or your cellphone.
5549	Osinbajo clarified the situation through a statement by his media aide Laolu Akande on Friday.
5550	OSU President Michael V. Drake rolled out the latest plan in his "state of the university" address to the University Senate on Thursday.
5551	Other countries, notably Kenya, Tanzania and Botswana shoot to kill those they suspect are after the animals.
5552	Other defenders included Scott M. Stringer, the New York City comptroller, who sarcastically tweeted to both Delta and Bank of America: "What a mistake.
5553	Other human activities, such as the production and transport of gas, oil and coal, along with the decay of our organic waste, also contribute to global methane emissions.
5554	Other results from the survey included that almost half the women feel like dad bods are the “new six-pack” and 83% of mothers would be proud to have a husband with a dad bod.
5555	Others, aside the convener who talks exclusively about: “You, yourself self esteem and etiquettes,” is the energetic thespian, Tonto Dike, who speaks on: “The Importance of Education In A Girl-Child’s life.”
5556	Others believe they can take somebody’s faults and fix them.
5557	Other sections of the exhibition deal with realism’s varieties, including the photographic real as a set of conventions that can be manipulated.
5558	Others may be looking to get in on the action for the first time.
5559	Others remember their pre-colonial past by wearing costumes made of wild animal skins that supported their forebears.
5560	Others who took part in the meeting included FBI Director James Comey and National Security Agency chief Adm.
5561	Other Tehachapi scores on a cloudy, chilly day included Rhys Artzer and Jackson Caudle with 105 each, Dawson Cass 121 and Cody Jorgensen 128 for a team total of 539. West carded a 524 as a team.
5562	Other than being on the Air Base and far away from the runways when the B-52’s took off, that was my last up close encounter with the biggest, teeth rattling airplane I have ever seen.
5563	Other than that, everything else is icing on the cake, so making this album was a piece of cake.
5564	Other than that one murder taking place across the water, though, there’s no other connection to Greendale thus far.
5565	Otherwise, this man is making songs merely for the money and it will show when the public opens up the wrapper to that album, and they will tune into another artist who actually has something to say.
5566	OT, my favorite soccer-related spot my old agency did.
5567	Otolorin stressed the need for all Nigerians irrespective of religious, tribal and political leaning to collectively pray for the president.
5568	Otoya, meanwhile, is a 28-year-old artist who has dedicated himself to painting giant pictures of the violence perpetrated by the ELN, or National Liberation Army.
5569	Ottawa County Circuit Judge Jon Hulsing told Schafer that there are consequences when you drink or take drugs and then drive.
5570	Ottawa has already earmarked $274 million to support policing and border efforts related to legalization, and some of the money is to go to the provinces.
5571	OTTAWA -- The federal government is rolling out millions in new spending to help thousands of students heading back to campus find work placements during their studies.
5572	Ought to get someone like Rudy Gay it would it staying a step but of course that takes over you don't like you have created atmosphere at a course that one note upgrade before.
5573	Our annual Thanksgiving feast enjoyed with good friends would be incomplete without a scrumptious homemade pumpkin pie.
5574	“Our backs were up against the wall but we battled through.
5575	Our bikes volume rose 22 per cent to 1,83,266 units from 1,50,711 a year ago,” HMSI senior VP for sales and marketing YS Guleria told Press Trust of India today.
5576	“Our bodies are just banged up and people are just tired physically and emotionally,” he said.
5577	Our bodies aren’t broken, we’re fine.”
5578	Our boys are doing fantastic!
5579	Our children will also benefit so much more from our attention than they do from the things we give them.
5580	Our citizens make a lot sacrifices in order to try to help others who suffer the loss of all their possessions and source of income.
5581	“Our club at the moment is very easy to pick on and kick, but for a manager of his calibre to come out and make the comments he did was unacceptable.
5582	“Our customers have requested a security feature for a while now, so it is one of our most highly requested features to be updated,” he said.
5583	“Our fans have been talking about next year’s Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game against Alabama since the day it was announced, and I think we will see similar enthusiasm for an opener against the Mountaineers.”
5584	Our Giraffe Cam is sponsored by Mazuri Exotic Animal Nutrition.
5585	Our hope is that all ZSP holders apply for ZEP and complete the process by the end of November 2017 so they can move freely between Zimbabwe and their places of study, work, or business located in South Africa,” Vyas said.
5586	Our hotel for two nights is the 3-star superior Namib Desert Lodge, on dinner and breakfast basis.
5587	“Our house is lit up pretty good, but we’re going to put up some more.
5588	“Our idea of a good party – the huge speakers, the warehouse space – is based on the idea of a rave, even if you don’t know what a rave is.
5589	Our LMR in Saskatchewan will be an estimated 2.91 and our Alberta LMR improves to 2.17.
5590	Our local lignite production was about 50+ million metric tons in 2017.
5591	Our players should be aware of this and be ready to deal with the rough pitch Uganda will use.
5592	Our point of meditation was just how we could come into the equation.
5593	Our results speak for themselves.”
5594	Our rodeo reporters talks about the Bull Riders Canada event in Williams Lake, B.C., as well as the Alberta High School Rodeo Association’s District 2 event in St. Paul, Alberta.
5595	‘Our security and police services are working together because terrorists and criminals don’t respect national borders,’ Mr Verhofstadt said.
5596	“Our strategy is not based solely on foreign exchange – there are lots of benefits from having your supply chain closer to hand,” he added.
5597	Our troops have laid communication networks, bridges, roads, helipads, airstrips, and rescue infrastructure in a matter of hours when professional agencies have failed.
5598	Our world-class engineering team creates products focused on performance, energy savings, connectivity and simplicity.
5599	Outages caused by balloons.
5600	Outgoing President Yahya Jammeh who lost the December 1 election and had earlier conceded defeat, however recanted a week later, and is now asking for fresh polls to be conducted.
5601	Out of 2,585 cases reported, only 322 are confirmed.
5602	Out of those three maybe Charo and Fabio can use the money or the exposure.
5603	“Outsiders” Season 2 is starting to look like the redemption of Big Foster (David Morse).
5604	Outside, the water outside was right at our door.
5605	Over 100 students worked on about 70 projects, some as two-person teams.
5606	Over 100 years of market history reveals that the market's biggest winners tend to have an 80 or better RS Rating as they begin their biggest price moves.
5607	Over 300 people have lost their lives in IS terrorist attacks in Turkey, and anti-IS investigations are undertaken across the country.
5608	Over 800 people took to the forum to share what they'd witnessed while at work and their tales included disappearing acts, sneaky thieves - and a lot of naked guests.
5609	Overall, after accounting for grandparents’ age and general state of health, the risk of dying over a 20-year period was one-third lower for grandparents who cared for their grandchildren, compared with grandparents who did not provide any childcare.
5610	Overall, Floyd becomes the 54th pitcher in program history to be selected and 13th player to be selected by Kansas City, most of any professional organization.
5611	Overall, most people should enjoy cheese made from whole milk in moderation.
5612	Overall, the report provides an in-depth insight of 2012-2022 Global and Chinese Tramadol HCL Market covering all important parameters.
5613	Overcoming these difficulties in a remarkable way, she became a researcher in the field of communication and created a number of scientific works concerning the development of education of deaf-blind children.
5614	Overstreet would carry the last three yards on the seventh play of the drive, to give Wyoming its only lead of the game at 15-13.
5615	Over the course of their careers, more than half the people surveyed had experienced at least one “Dark Knight employee”, as researchers dubbed them, while 18% said they still worked with one.
5616	Over the past six months, news publisher Attn has created a new revenue stream from Instagram, which now accounts for about 10 percent of its overall revenue, according to the company.
5617	Over the years, the complaints about the finances of U.S. Bank Stadium — aka the “People’s Stadium” — by former Gov. Arne Carlson and former Minneapolis Council Member Paul Ostrow have taken on the appearance of windmill tilting.
5618	Over two decades, Krawczun has overseen a lot of change in the township, especially development-wise.
5619	OWASSO, Okla. – A Silver Alert was issued for a missing 74-year-old woman.
5620	Owen seemed to be affected by the Pillman news as he wrestled an unusually short match without much energy.
5621	Owners use it for everything.
5622	Owobo said as part of his investigation, he wrote some banks for details of transactions by companies linked to the accused.
5623	PACE is concerned about Azerbaijani Laundromat - Mediamax.
5624	PAC should salvage its image and regain its stature as a non-partisan organization whose decisions are not based on whims of the ill-minded.
5625	Pages from the Senate Republican tax plan, pictured in Washington this week.
5626	Pai also said that many people have left good companies because they have landed a better offer from some other company, which proves that there is no dearth of jobs in the market.
5627	Pakistani head of the Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) terrorist organization Hafiz Saeed (2L) meets with supporters after offering Friday prayers at Jamia AL Qadsia Masjid following his release in Lahore on November 24, 2017.
5628	Pakistan's remarks come days after media reports said the United States was quietly nudging Pakistan and India to re-engage as the Trump administration seeks to defuse tensions between the nuclear-armed neighbours.
5629	Pakistan's Shahid Afridi and India's Gautam Gambhir had a major mid-match brawl in 2007 and even after 10 years, both cricketers don't look eye-to-eye.
5630	Pallone argued on the House floor that “this resolution tells the companies charged with running the country’s broadband networks that they no longer have to be reasonable when it comes to their customers’ data.
5631	Palmer's coffin, draped in a police flag, was brought to the 13th-century crypt Chapel of St. Mary Undercroft on Sunday, accompanied by police officers and family members.
5632	Papadopoulos’ name first was raised in connection with the Trump campaign when Trump listed as one of his foreign policy advisers during a Washington Post editorial board interview.
5633	Papoose feels Remy isn’t fully ready to have a baby.
5634	Paramedics gave Busco a shot of Narcan to revive him.
5635	Parents are now flexible and many of them call me to say: ‘Denrele, please my child wants to be a presenter, she wants to model, act and dance, can you be her mentor or can you help guide him?’
5636	“Parents can feel much more confident that their children are so much safer travelling to school.”
5637	Par for Chris Stroud, who remains at -5.
5638	Parker and another paramedic from Wakaw & District EMS were called to a community near Wakaw, Sask. on Friday to assist a pregnant woman with abdominal pains.
5639	Parker’s no stranger to leading struggling public school programs, though.
5640	Park fees (from $2 to $4.50 for adult residents) aren’t charged at the seasonal parks, but if there’s a fee box, feel free to contribute.
5641	Parks & Trails New York is an advocacy group for state parks.
5642	Parkway defeated the Booker T. Washington Lions 35-8 in their season opener Friday night in Neil May’s debut as head coach at Bobby Marlow Field at Preston Crownover Stadium, but neither the Panthers nor May were in a mood to celebrate.
5643	Partially funded by a grant from the Alabama Humanities Foundation, the exhibit explores 450 years of Alabama history.
5644	Participants who were unemployed, had a history of mental health problems or suffered severe postpartum depression symptoms were less likely to confide in a healthcare provider.
5645	Participation in the program has led to three successful litters with Roscoe and the zoo’s female snow leopard Shanti.
5646	Particularly on the issue of abortion and reproductive health, there’s a large and widening gap between how affected individuals deal with the issue and the rhetoric politicians and pundits use to discuss it.
5647	Partly cloudy, with a low around 41. North wind around 5 mph.
5648	Partly cloudy, with a low around 53. East northeast wind around 13 mph.
5649	Partly sunny, with a high near 51. Windy, with a south wind 9 to 14 mph becoming west 20 to 30 mph in the afternoon.
5650	Part of her job involves visiting brothels and talking to women who are still in the trade, and informing them of what the alternatives are.
5651	Part of its subversion stems from centering its focus on Dev, an American of Indian descent whose ethnicity doesn’t take the lead in his interactions but isn’t glossed over, either.
5652	Parts of their story have been called into question, including the tropical storm the two say they encountered on their first night at sea in May.
5653	Passenger Jennifer Moran told NBC she hadn't expected the show of support.
5654	Passengers at Heathrow Airport reported long lines at check-in counters and flight delays.
5655	“Passenger vehicles, shipping, buses: if you add up all of the sources on wheels, they really are the greatest opportunity," says Sean Hecht, who runs a center on environmental law at the University of California, Los Angeles.
5656	Patients who were uninsured were nearly 2.5 times more likely to die than those with private insurance, although significant differences were not found among those who had Medicare or other public insurance coverage.
5657	Patricia Rivera is another student who moved into Mitchell’s windowless room after she moved out.
5658	Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC bought a new stake in shares of Cisco Systems during the fourth quarter valued at about $128,000.
5659	Paul George is in control.
5660	Paul Reville, who was a key force in getting Massachusetts landmark reforms adopted into law.
5661	Pawn shops, porn shops, gun shops.
5662	Paxton said he had a great view of the president, thanks to a stranger who'd put 8-year-old Bill on his shoulders.
5663	Paying for fewer opioids saves the insurer money in the short run.
5664	Paytm was earlier slated to begin operations around Diwali last year.
5665	Payton is on a two way contract, meaning he can spend a maximum of 45 days with the Bucks and the rest of the time with Milwaukee’s new developmental “G” League team at Oshkosh.
5666	Pelletizing and concentrate projects are being gradually accomplished and raw sales of minerals are expected to become minimized through incremental completion of the steel chain by the end of the current Iranian calendar year.
5667	Pell sits as he prepares to make a statement, at the Vatican.
5668	Pence’s speech was fodder for plenty of eye-rolling and jokes online, including from an unlikely source — Dictionary.
5669	PENSACOLA, Fla. (WKRG) – An inmate serving time in Florida has been charged in a Federal Indictment with threatening a Federal Judge in Pensacola.
5670	“People are of course free to protest and disagree about the film, but the issue is how that’s done,” Jhally said.
5671	People are putting a lot of money into these things, but it’s because of the foundation that we all nurtured.”
5672	“People are waiting until the last minute to see the doctor,” said Blanca Nienhaus, a community advocate.
5673	“People expect the issues that matter to them to be presented to them on their tablets, which is the way that many of us now consume media.”
5674	People feel so strongly about this project.
5675	People in some communities are trying to effectively delay that hike for a year by paying their 2018 taxes in advance.
5676	“People look at you like you have horns coming out of your head the moment you say you’re an atheist.
5677	People on the receiving end would much rather get it this way.
5678	People own businesses, and the majority here are tea farmers.
5679	People protest outside the Phoenix Convention Center on Tuesday before President Trump’s rally inside.
5680	"People should only be receiving the payment to which they are entitled," Social Services Minister Christian Porter told News Corp Australia."
5681	People sit and get accustomed to the new park on its opening on June 29, 2017.
5682	“People’s opinion about Nawaz Sharif is changing.
5683	“People tend to confuse social and cultural practices with religious prescription.
5684	People who are registering to vote in Kansas are required to sign an application that states, among other things, that they are residents of Kansas.
5685	People who live in the area says the dog has always been friendly.
5686	People will only hear the chorus like, ‘Na na na na na, niceness,’ and they go, ‘Here’s a silly lyric,’ but the youth, they hear the verse where I say, ‘The whole wide world is in a great big mess, because of political foolishness.
5687	Percentage of women on boards of directors edges higher, CSA report - Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
5688	Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new position in Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter worth about $1,921,000.
5689	Perched at the top of this financial/monetarist nightmare is the Wall Street/City of London crowd, insisting that nothing needs to be done.
5690	Performers for 2017’s Gathering of the Juggalos will include P.O.D., Vanilla Ice, Waka Flocka Flame, Bloodhound Gang offshoot Wolfpac, Miss May I, and Mushroomhead.
5691	Perhaps most importantly, she advises readers to practice a kind of pleasant persistence as they “ask and ask again” throughout this leg of their journey.
5692	Perhaps not to you, reader, as what I have to tell is not my story.
5693	Perhaps “rise” is too strong a word.
5694	Perhaps that’s true, perhaps not.
5695	Perhaps the best solution for the Jets would be to protect one goalie, three defencemen and seven forwards and then send the Golden Knights a draft pick to ensure Myers isn't taken.
5696	Perhaps the most famous was beating Manchester United over two legs in 1998.
5697	Perhaps we need to see what happens when Labour can no longer blame all that ails us on the wicked Tories.
5698	Per Reuters, BP mentioned earlier this year that it was in talks with companies about partnerships that would see EV chargers installed at BP stations.
5699	Personal Capital Advisors Corp now owns 569,410 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $20,049,000 after buying an additional 63,439 shares in the last quarter.
5700	Personality in sports we unique path to to get weary years it's just.
5701	Per the product copy on Ulta: “Slip into something seductive with NYX Cosmetics’ Lip Lingerie Liquid Lipstick, a weightless liquid lipstick with a plush matte finish.
5702	Peter says "it's actually getting better as there are less diesel trains, they were much louder."
5703	PETERSON: I believe an accountability system is necessary.
5704	Pet owner saves dog by giving her kiss of life ‘after she turned blue’
5705	PFF lauded his work as did many here at MHR.
5706	"Pharmacy benefit managers can, but don't have to, pass along those discounts to insurers.
5707	Pheasant in the field.
5708	Phenicie served as the wide receiver’s coach for the final two seasons under Kramer and is technically the former offensive coordinator, even though he has yet to call an offensive play from the Bengal sideline.
5709	"Pheromone traps will be imported into South Africa to determine the exact extent of the spread and the specific strain of FAW present in South Africa.
5710	PHILADELPHIA (AP) â€” A man is on trial in a stabbing death in a posh section of Philadelphia after an argument that authorities said was over the suspectâ€™s.
5711	Philemon is facing a separate count of escaping from lawful custody.
5712	Phillips said the 45 centimetres is the most snow recorded on the ground at any point this winter.
5713	Phiri claimed his second and fourth for his team in the 92nd minute when he floated the ball into Masters empty net.
5714	PHOENIX (AP) — A former bishop who led the Roman Catholic church in metro Phoenix during a worldwide child sexual abuse scandal has been accused of molesting a young boy 35 years ago.
5715	PHOENIX — David Peralta's base hit to right-center field in the eighth inning, with his team already up by four runs, could have been a routine single.
5716	Phoenix is the system that IBM customized for the government out of Oracle’s off-the-shelf PeopleSoft software.
5717	Phoenix runners don’t stop when the weather gets hot; they just get up earlier to take advantage of the cool-ish early-morning hours.
5718	Phonics teachers say that “magic e” is misleading because it ain’t magic.
5719	Photo by Jamie Rieger - A significant amount had already been completed on a major road construction project for Highway 61, west of Etzikom when Alberta Transportation was forced to put the brakes on it and re-apply for environmental approvals.
5720	Photos and television images of the damaged areas showed cars flipped over, sometimes piled on top of each other, and parts of houses ripped into shards of wood and debris.
5721	“Pickiness like this drives me crazy,” one woman said.
5722	Picking a name out of a bowl pic.
5723	PicoBrew Zymatic: Meet the smart appliance that makes beer brewing easyPicoBrew Zymatic: Meet the smart.
5724	Picou said the airport was evacuated when the threat was received around 8:30 p.m. The building was then searched by police.
5725	Pinecrest will play at No. 8 Ardrey Kell (15-3-5) at 7 p.m. Saturday.
5726	Pink responded that many artists, from Jackson to Prince to David Bowie and even herself, were regularly made fun of, but pressed ahead with their art to inspire others.
5727	Pink shirt dress will help you look more tender and gentle.
5728	Pipeline owners Refining New Zealand said the pipeline was struck by a digger or other machinery and should be repaired by next Tuesday.
5729	Pistachios contain healthy fats that regulate blood sugar and hunger.
5730	Pitino has not been implicated in the scheme, but after news broke Tuesday there was a sense in Louisville that enough was enough.
5731	PITTSBURGH (AP) Mike Tomlin isn’t worried about Martavis Bryant’s state of mind.
5732	PITTSBURGH — Duluth Denfeld graduate C.J. Ham scored his first NFL touchdown in the third quarter of Sunday's Minnesota Vikings Pittsburgh Steelers football game.
5733	Pittsburgh Pirates' Tyler Glasnow sits in the dugout after being pulled from a baseball game after giving up seven runs against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the third inning Friday, May 12, 2017, in Phoenix.
5734	Pitt was cleared of any claims of child abuse.
5735	PIXAR PIER (ANAHEIM, Calif.) –Summer 2018 will bring a transformed land when Pixar Pier opens for guests to experience at Disney California Adventure park, featuring the new Incredicoaster inspired by Disney•Pixar’s “The Incredibles.”
5736	Place medals are ready for top finishers in age categories.
5737	Planes trailed messages of support overhead.
5738	Planning began last November when the invitation arrived at the clubhouse in Leyland.
5739	Plan to attend this meeting to learn about how to make our communities more vibrant.
5740	Players found out yesterday, too.
5741	Please answer the question you were asked, thank you.”
5742	Please don’t cancel Days of our lives.
5743	Please enjoy the highlights of Oprah’s Henrietta Lacks press tour.
5744	Please resubmit within September 28.” The Union health ministry wrote an e-mail on September 26, asking the DCGI to send the action plan for certification by the end of next day.
5745	PlusOne Sports/FlingGolf is based in Ipswich, MA.
5746	Plus, the materials used nowadays form a rigid structure which provides both weather protection and reassurance.
5747	PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 16,572 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $614,000 after buying an additional 1,681 shares during the period.
5748	Poetry Cafe - A Poet of the People: Will focus on the work of Pablo Neruda from 7 to 8 p.m. as Village Lights Bookstore approaches poetry one poet at a time in a relaxed and informal setting.
5749	Poetry has to rhyme, doesn't it?
5750	Point2 Homes describes this 4,400-square-foot home as “bedecked in high-end materials and finishes, such as marble, granite, designer furnishings and imported fixtures.”
5751	Polestar takes sensible Swedish machines and cranks up the crazy.
5752	Police are warning owners of rental properties to be on their guard against Airbnb pop-up brothels.
5753	Police arrested 50-year-old Alcyto Powell on Saturday on charges including leaving the scene of an accident.
5754	Police can already initiate a protection order, and the change will let others initiate that process.
5755	Police Chief Kenton Buckner stressed that his department hasn’t demanded the cancellation of a show or pressured venues to do so.
5756	Police determined that it was safe for students to attend school on Monday, April 17. A police officer is on site at Sunridge Middle School all day today.
5757	Police have not released details about how Irwin may have become injured, only calling the matter “suspicious.”
5758	Police have not said whether the driver will face charges.
5759	Police have reported two crashes that may be linked to carbon monoxide exposure and a third incident involving injuries related to carbon monoxide exposure.
5760	Police have said that they have arrested four people in connection with the drugs haul but are still searching for Otoniel.
5761	Police have, thus far, not given formal comment about this matter, however we will update as able.
5762	Police said Amos was a robbery target and that when he resisted, he was shot.
5763	Police said officers with Northeast Division were on the scene of a disturbance call in the area of 58 Street and 118 Avenue at about 1:40 p.m. Friday.
5764	Police said they identified the other two people involved in the fight, but they are not facing any charges.
5765	Police say a tipster told police that Crampton was preparing for a “zombie apocalypse” as well as potential other doomsday scenarios.
5766	Police Say Brown T-Boned Vehicle; Offered Officer $200 "To Forget About It"
5767	Police say Charles was behind the wheel of the Avalanche.
5768	Police searched the car and they found a flash drive in the car with the car’s owner’s name on it, the prosecutor said.
5769	Police spokesperson Edwin Kanguatjivi said two men, both aged 29, from Khorixas and Swakopmund also committed suicide by hanging.
5770	Police that night were called away from other 911 calls to the area of Essex and Newbury and Essex and Mill Streets as thousands of night club patrons were all leaving the clubs at the same time.
5771	Police were contacted, he said, and immediately sent a rapid response team, intercepting the vehicle and driver.
5772	Police were today still at the scene with two officers on guard and others interviewing next door neighbours.
5773	“Political and economic instability has transformed gold into the only reliable currency,” says Natalie Ortiz from NGO Turquoise Mountain.
5774	Politicians banned from fundraisers were already allowed to attend such events, but Progressive Conservative Lisa MacLeod complained this summer to Elections Ontario about an event attended by Tory defector Jack MacLaren.
5775	Politicians, voters, and even their pets have been heading to polling stations and are posing for the cameras at every opportunity.
5776	Pol Lt-General Chanthep Sesawech, said 75 per cent of Bangkok motorcyclists wore helmet while riding, and so the campaign has a chance of reaching 100-per-cent adherence to the law.
5777	Pomerantz is currently chief marketing officer at Bottega Veneta and before that was senior vice president, global communications and marketing at Michael Kors.
5778	Porlight has set up a to help those with disabilities and elderly individuals who may require addition assistance due to medical equipment or accessibility.
5779	PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — A suspected thief injured a security guard in North Portland early Monday morning.
5780	Posen could now probably host some of the best outdoor parties at his new digs considering his apartment comes with a massive 1,800-square-foot terrace that wraps around almost the entire apartment.
5781	Posner said the archive opening will be “the last big gasp for JFK documentation.”
5782	Possible financial conflicts of interest amongst the SANAC board of trustees were also highlighted in the statement.
5783	Post 100 head coach Bobby Reynolds (center) talks things over with Robbie Cowie (right) and Wade Walker (left) during a recent Area IV playoff game.
5784	Posted broad social politics rights and somebody else to turn pro in the mix.
5785	Posted June 8, 2017: News, Sports.
5786	Posted March 8, 2017: Community Content, Front Page, News.
5787	Poster Boys is a great comedy with great dialogues” Bobby said.
5788	Post-verdict protests on February 24 and February 27 suggest that Const.
5789	Post-work, he walks his dog, writes poetry, has exactly one beer at a bar, and goes home to his wife, Laura (Golshifteh Farahani).
5790	Potter played 28 minutes due to Trevor Thompson (11 minutes) being in foul trouble for much of the game.
5791	Poulter is on -1 and Koepka -4, five behind Spieth.
5792	Powell is perceived as being a relatively dovish choice compared to Warsh,” said Ray Attrill, Sydney-based global co-head of forex strategy at NAB.
5793	Poynter said she campaigned with her uncle for a month last year traveling to states like Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Missouri and North Carolina.
5794	Pray some more and pick somebody else."
5795	Predictably, there was only a mild whimper of protest.
5796	• Premier views DP is asking the impossible.
5797	Presenting the sequence of events out of order like a Tarantino movie, it encouraged multiple listens to piece Good Kid’s timeline together.
5798	President Akufo-Addo said Ghana's population had changed over the last 20 years, mainly due to low birth and death rates, coupled with the decline in fertility rates.
5799	President Donald TrumpFirst Lady Melania Trump will not attend the Kennedy Center Honors.
5800	President Donald Trump is expected to announce an increase in US troop numbers as part of an overall review of United States’ strategy in Afghanistan in the coming days.
5801	President Donald Trump points to a member of the media as he takes questions during a news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, Thursday, Feb. 16, 2017.
5802	President Donald Trump says peace in the Middle East can be achieved only by working together.
5803	PRESIDENT DUTERTE: I’m glad you asked that question.
5804	President-elect Trump says cancel new Air Force One: Costs ‘out of control’
5805	President Trump has made clear that diversity is not at all a priority for him.
5806	President Zuma, when you became President of the Republic in 2009, the world was experiencing perhaps the worst international financial crisis in modern times, some say since the 1929 Great Depression.
5807	PRESS RELEASE – The St Jude Hospital Board of Directors is taking proactive measures to ensure that it remains fully accessible to the public so that service delivery, being driven by client feedback, is guaranteed.
5808	Prices for services increased by 8.4% compared to September 2016.
5809	Price will tell you everything you need to know.
5810	Pricing will be set by the vehicle owners, but the final bill will vary based on the renter’s driving experience, age and other criteria.
5811	Pride is also displayed on their wall of fame, with 17 past Heisman trophy winners that have worn the Douglas brand, including Cam Newton, Johnny Manziel and Reggie Bush.
5812	Priebus won’t be working in the White House anymore.
5813	Prime Minister Viktor Orbán declared at the Bálványos Open University and Student Camp in July that Hungary would not execute the resolution regardless of the outcome of the lawsuit.
5814	Prince Harry issues rallying call to end mental health 'stigma'
5815	Prince said the major problem for those who rely on disability assistance is the rates aren't indexed and are vulnerable to inflation.
5816	Principal Kathleen Hawing said, “We are incredibly proud of our seniors.
5817	Prior charges filed against him include domestic battery, operating a vehicle while intoxicated, public intoxication and criminal recklessness.
5818	Prior to adjourning the meeting, council members and others present observed a moment of silence in remembrance the former Albany Mayor Lanny Bowlin, who passed away earlier this month.
5819	Prior to his expulsion, Bello had reportedly complained to the management about the leakage of the sewage pipe in his room’s toilet.
5820	Prior to this, he served as Head of the executive apparatus of Prime Minister Abdulla Aripov.
5821	Private Lesson Dad: All he’ll want to talk about are his kid’s latest private lessons and what they’re working on this week.
5822	Private tours of the facility will also be offered to Red Wings and Pistons season ticket holders, partners and suite holders during the preview week.
5823	“Probably 10 times out of 10, they’re just going to meander off into the woods.
5824	Probably the same as always: stay locked in and enjoy the occasion.
5825	Procedures have also been introduced to ensure the protection of the identity of information providers during the payment process.
5826	Processing aluminum requires mining for the mineral bauxite.
5827	Proctor said he is not a doctor or pharmacist so he is not sure about the amounts of the drugs contained in her blood but it must have been a lot to have killed her.
5828	Procurator fiscal Duncan Mackenzie said McCafferty, a pipe-fitter who is due to start a new job this week, had “provided a number of far-fetched excuses” for failing to appear in court five times since then.
5829	Producing the haul before media here on Friday, Hyderabad Commissioner of Police V.V. Srinivas Rao warned peddlers, saying the police would remain extra vigilant as the New Year’s Eve approaches.
5830	Production in Comoros is estimated at 4,000 tonnes, Madagascar 15,000 tonnes and Zanzibar 3,000 tonnes, he said.
5831	Products available at the Collective will include Smoke x Mirrors eyewear and Norden candles, among others.
5832	Prof. Ademola Tayo, the President and Vice-Chancellor of Babcock University, Ilishan-Remo, Ogun State, has said that no less than 100 open heart surgeries have been done in the school’s Tristate Cardiovascular Centre.
5833	Professor Akinwunmi Isola is a Nigerian playwright, actor, dramatist, culture activist and scholar who was a lecturer at the OAU and became a professor in 1991.
5834	Prof. Obaje said that the management of the university was ready and willing to assist government in further exploration of crude in the area.
5835	Prof. Stephen F. Cohen is right that the Intel agencies are a 4th branch of government.
5836	“Programs like research at the National Institutes of Health, the Violence Against Women Prevention program, the Head Start program, crop insurance for our farmers – these are all vitally important and must be preserved.”
5837	Project manager Chuck May cited difficulty keeping tenants as the reason for the center’s demise.
5838	Property Damage, Non-Vandalism: An officer was dispatched to a local address, in reference to a property damage call.
5839	ProPublica, a non-profit investigative media organization, is seeking the help of Texans in understanding why so many American women die and nearly die because of pregnancy and childbirth.
5840	Prosecutors have a month to decide on whether to try Price again on the tax evasion counts.
5841	Prosecutors said Kennedy also had a cellphone charger while he was awaiting criminal trial in the death of Alexis Kane, whose body was found Jan.
5842	Prosecutors say the June 2006 attack came after the couple had been arguing all day.
5843	Prosecutors spent much of Wednesday questioning why Stockley was given permission to conduct his own search of the car.
5844	Protecting workers' rights is one of the government's most important jobs.
5845	Protesters are expected to argue the law is unconstitutional, that it hinders their First Amendment rights to talk with Planned Parenthood patients.
5846	Pryor dropped a wide open touchdown but it would have been called back anyway due to holding.
5847	PS: Do not take dinner late at night.
5848	Public defibrillators are scattered in rinks, schools and other public buildings across the country.
5849	Publisher's Report also provides detailed information on the discontinued and dormant drugs that have gone inactive over the years for Leptin Receptor (LEP-R) Agonists.
5850	Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority cancelled a $300 million contract with Whitefish Energy Holdings, a tiny firm that has ties to the Trump administration.
5851	Pull your pants up,’” said Jones.
5852	Punjab Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh had on Friday warned the dissidents to either withdraw or face expulsion for life.
5853	Puntland President Abdiweli Mohamed Ali Gaas hailed the result of the consultation meeting between the heads of central government and Federal member states held in Mogadishu.
5854	Purab and Daasi are planning to cancel the engagement.
5855	Push out or shut up!
5856	Put simply, the Opposition’s counter-narrative would need to dwell on two aspects.
5857	Puzzle of a Downfall Child’s Faye Dunaway is a woman — is that so wrong?
5858	Q1 and beyond is when we'll need to see some operating leverage and while mergers are messy in the beginning, the payoff for the FN buy looks to be significant a this juncture.
5859	Q: Clearly The Trocks are always dancing from a place of absolute love for the ballet art form and for the ballerina.
5860	Q: Dear Regina, I work full time and do not have family here to help me with my dad who has Alzheimer.
5861	Q: My parents will be 70 in July.
5862	Quebec provincial police, who are handling the probe into the stabbing deaths, offered no additional details on Monday.
5863	Queen Elizabeth, despite turning over countless patronages over to members of the Royal Family, isn’t ready to abdicate.
5864	Questions were asked on progress made on that process, with some surprise at the reported reluctance from some authorities to take part in such a process.
5865	Quick guys, the Jew is gone.
5866	Quite honestly, if Browns head coach Hue Jackson's answers to an NFL Network interview that aired Monday indicate his true feelings, it appears the Browns might also be one of those teams that think Brock Osweiler is shot.
5867	Q. What is your technology plan for Istrouma High School?
5868	Raccoon dogs are also marketed – completely inappropriately – as exotic pets.
5869	Rachel Martinson, a Parkers Prairie senior, joined Dreger and Burquest in double digits with 13 points.
5870	Radio Gold and Atlantis Radio were fined GHc 61,330,000 and GHc 60,350,000 respectively.
5871	Radio traffic indicates that LVMPD has activated two Multi Assault Counter Terrorism Action Capabilities (MACTAC) teams and put two more on standby.
5872	Rahul Dravid appointed as overseas batting coach.
5873	Rain Brown in an image posted on her Instagram.
5874	Rain is so important to Israel that there are special Hebrew words for the first and last rainfall of the year: “Yoreh u malkosh.”
5875	Raised in the Adirondack foothills town of Greenfield Center, New York Jim is the eldest son of world-renowned Abenaki Indian storyteller and author, Joseph Bruchac III.
5876	Ralph Northam, a Democrat, won the governor’s race in Virginia.
5877	Ramid’s response on these “red lines” brought him under the fire of many national and international NGOs.
5878	Ramphele said their business required a little start-up capital which enabled them to get their business up and running.
5879	Ramsay keeps us with him throughout as he is in every scene, but she also keeps us on this damaged man’s side despite his propensity for the hammer.
5880	Ram’s most extreme pickup to date is sure to turn heads, but you’ll hear it coming well before you see it.
5881	R. Andrew Lee and Seth Parker Woods take up the piano and cello respectively, and their performances on are melancholy without being overwrought; succinct without being sterile or cold.
5882	Rangers currently occupy the bottom of the log with 13 points in 14 matches, and many say the team will need to double effort to pull out of the relegation zone.
5883	Rangers Elijah Roberts peels away from the Spits Aaron Luchuk.
5884	Ranked: Which teams have won the most NCAA titles?
5885	Ranking factors include state test scores, college readiness, graduation rates, SAT/ACT scores, teacher quality, public school district ratings, and more," according to Niche.
5886	Rapid industrialization, increasing demand from pharmaceutical industry and huge investments by key players in emerging countries such as China and India are the factors favoring the market growth in this region.
5887	Rare diseases are also called orphan diseases because they get little to no research dollars or attention from the pharmaceutical industry.
5888	"Rather than a lack of agreement, however, the greater risk is a lack of deep engagement," he said.
5889	Rather than wait for more information, both published a story based on unsubstantiated oppo research that was misunderstood as having the imprimatur of US intelligence agencies.
5890	Raven Loveless (2) tries to drive around Northside Topazia Hawkins.
5891	Reaching out to Scott again is setting you up for more disappointment.
5892	Reader Letter: How about a drone aircraft expo?
5893	Readers are urged to read these materials.
5894	Read next: Pensioner heartbroken after tree planted in memory of wife chopped down by 'jobsworths'
5895	Read the full tribute here.
5896	Read through to see some of the Curry family's best snaps.
5897	Realising that Connie isn't coping too well, Ethan asks her about her treatment.
5898	“Realising they were being trailed, the suspects sped towards Jalan Salor-Pasir Mas but were cornered as police had set up roadblocks.”
5899	Reality Check verdict: The earliest we could possibly get a deal is 2019, when the UK leaves the EU under the government's current timetable.
5900	Realizing this truth is incredibly liberating,” the priest added.
5901	Really been consistent at the setting position, especially to do it as a true freshman.
5902	“Really though, everyone on our committees … they’re all very organized and especially with the survivors, we have had a huge turnout this year.
5903	Reason Why John Cena Vs. Shinsuke Nakamura Is Being Pushed Up To ‘SmackDown Live’
5904	Recalling what actually happened, he explained, "I saw Gianni lying on the steps, with blood around him.
5905	Receive News & Ratings for Markel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Markel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.
5906	Receive News & Ratings for Sanmina Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanmina Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.
5907	Receive News & Ratings for SB Financial Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SB Financial Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.
5908	Receive News & Ratings for XG Technology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for XG Technology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.
5909	Recent examples include the scene when the Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti sprung in defence of Masarrat Alam.
5910	Recently, for example, we announced integrations with AWS, Google, Microsoft and Salesforce cloud platforms.
5911	Recently, I wrote President Trump directly on this issue, and last week I traveled to Washington, D.C. to discuss it with 40 other Secretaries during the National Association of Secretaries of State Conference.
5912	Recently She however stated that HOMEF and the associate civil society organisations has sent an objection to the application submitted to the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA).
5913	Recently, SophosLabs has identified a new piece of Mac ransomware, popularly known as MacRansom, which is reported as an example of ransomware-as-a-service (RaaS).
5914	Recently they moved about 18 from the Flat River Valley south of Glacier Park to the Cabinet Mountains near Coeur d’Alene Idaho.
5915	Recent Purdue women’s golf graduate August Kim begins her professional career this weekend debuting at the Symetra Tour’s Four Winds Invitational in South Bend, Indiana.
5916	Red Cross phlebotomists then prepped each donor to make sure the poke of the needle wasn’t uncomfortable.
5917	Reddinger to leave UW-Marinette - EH Extra Search only accepts letters and numbers.
5918	Redeeming a dumb or incoherent plot with exciting fights is not a new strategy in genre cinema, of course, but Jung clearly means for this intricately structured story of a female assassin’s bloody, tragic journey to resonate emotionally.
5919	RED HOUSE, W.Va. (AP) – Authorities in West Virginia say a 5-year-old and a 2-year-old took their mother’s car for a 3-mile ride before crashing it.
5920	Reece reported with the rest of the team Saturday and will take part in the opening practice of training camp Sunday at 10 a.m.
5921	Referring to the in-flight incident, Ms Artley admitted she was 'loud' and had drunk beer and vodka before the flight.
5922	Reflecting global averages, the UN report painted a rosy picture of renewable energy infrastructure worldwide.
5923	Reflecting on his time so far in the position, Mr Winders said he had been impressed.
5924	Reflecting this perspective, Washington Post reporter Liz Sly headlined her March 2 article, "Hezbollah, Russia and the U.S. Help Syria Retake Palmyra."
5925	Refunds are usually difficult at most traditional stores while no credible arbiter could adjudicate between seller and buyer when a dispute arises, unless one party chooses to involve the law, which could prove to be expensive.
5926	Regarding Syria, he noted that President Assad was fighting against ISIS.
5927	Regardless of the disheartening figures, the association remains hopeful exports to major markets and its efforts to penetrate China could push up earnings in coming quarters and maintain the growth of non-gold jewelry exports at five percent.
5928	Regardless of what one might think of the consideration of race in the application process, one should understand that Emba’s analysis is incorrect.
5929	Regionally, too, there are some challenges especially since some States are growing very fast.
5930	Register at the door or visit go.
5931	REG take on Espoir in the best-of -three semi-final with game one slated for today while game two will be played on Sunday with the final game scheduled Monday.
5932	Regular rotation helps to extend the life of your tyres and to improve performance.
5933	Relatives have identified the person killed as Arshad Vhora.
5934	Relied on you to be her or to be her extension into the world.
5935	Relieved Republicans muscled their health care bill through the House Thursday, taking their biggest.
5936	Remaining apparently sane while doing so is nigh-on extraordinary.
5937	Remember sexy chef Franco Noriega?
5938	"Remember, this is February, there is no baseball, no football, it is just us and basketball and we just disappear," said Bettman.
5939	Remember when I told you guys about this t-shirt?
5940	"Remember your Duke family," she wrote, "They'll be there for you every step of the way.
5941	Remove from heat and drain on paper towels; keep warm.
5942	Removing attractants can help keep bears out of the area.
5943	Renner said that he and city staff constantly attempted to obtain more thorough financial reports, but could not do so until what he called a “terrible” 10-year contract expired.
5944	Reporter Jabril Faraj speaking with Lake Effect's Joy Powers.
5945	Reporter: More than 80 people were killed over half of them women and children.
5946	Report: Jimmy Butler’s attitude toward Fred Hoiberg made players ‘uncomfortable’
5947	Reports of Kyrie Irving's demand to be traded made waves Friday across the NBA in what has already been a turbulent offseason.
5948	Reports quote him as saying that UAE fighter jets, which belong to the Saudi coalition, carried out airstrikes on Ali Abdullah Saleh's positions last night.
5949	ReportsWeb.com added “Traffic Management Market – Global Trends, 2017 Analysis and 2025 Forecasts” report to its research database.
5950	Representative Burton did not immediately respond to New Times' request for comment.
5951	Representing the winning team of the womens Dan Drapers tournament is Joan Bruce with Jeff Bolt.
5952	Republicans’ ability to win passage of a tax package hinges on its ability to survive a complex set of legislative restrictions in the Senate.
5953	Republicans want roads and bridges, Democrats some money for transit.
5954	Republicans will likely argue that the benefits of corporate tax cuts will make their way to American workers in the form of more jobs and higher wages, eventually balancing the budget.
5955	Requests to test children entering kindergarten, 1st, 2nd or 3rd grade, for the Gifted & Talented exam, can be made through Nov. 13 by going online at schools.
5956	Rescuers said VanHecke was smart, well-prepared and "did everything right."
5957	Research analysts forecast the global multi-factor authentication market to grow at a CAGR of 22.65% during the period 2017-2021.
5958	Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Wind Turbine Inspection Drones Market 2017-2021" report to their offering.
5959	Researchers also lacked data on childhood or adolescent mental health.
5960	Researchers caution that caps are hardly the only factor in keeping premiums down, saying economic cycles and insurers’ investment returns are also important forces.
5961	Researchers discovered that when the clocks are turned back an hour in the fall, the crime rates rise.
5962	Researchers found that the participants who cut their sodium intake or followed the dash diet but did not reduce their sodium intake saw a lower systolic blood pressure.
5963	Researchers in the area draw on philosophy, linguistics, computer science and even law and politics in order to get a handle on how debates fit together.
5964	Researchers pointed out that though the correlations they found were significant, they were still just associations and not necessarily examples of a cause and effect.
5965	Researchers say the ancestors of modern frogs had thousands of teeth - and fangs - CityNews TorontoRogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes.
5966	Researchers say they have defined at what age genetic mutations post the greatest risk for women to develop breast and ovarian cancers.
5967	Researchers will have a robot distinguish between various chess pieces and their locations on the board, as well as between various coffee cups, their locations and fill levels.
5968	Reserve Bank Deputy Governor Grant Spencer said "While we can’t necessarily extrapolate these results to all insurers, the results were very disappointing.
5969	Residents in the area are asked to check their properties, outbuildings, campers and sheds for any signs of the teen.
5970	Residents of Louisiana’s low-lying city of New Orleans — which Tuesday marked the 12th anniversary of devastating Hurricane Katrina — are bracing for heavy rain and flash floods over the next two days.
5971	Residents who experience outages can check the “Outage Center” at www.sce.com to learn what time they can expect power to be restored.
5972	Resting James for the first of the two games provided two days of rest on both sides of the West Coast back-to-back slate as the team doesn’t play against until Wednesday night in Denver.
5973	Resuming the third day on Saturday tottering on 53 for six in their first innings, Jaguars battled their way to a respectable 206, with Vishaul narrowly missing out on three figures when he was left stranded on 97.
5974	Retail sales grew 2.4% in August on an annual basis compared with a revised 1.4% in the previous month, and way above economists’ expectations of 1.3%.
5975	Returning to the Green, Green Grass of Home: Sir Tom.
5976	Revealing he’ll rather settle down with an intelligent lady, Kiss Daniel said: “I like ambitious women who are intelligent, can think for themselves and envisage the future.”
5977	Review: In ‘Hangman,’ Al Pacino Trails a Killer With a Unique Vocabulary - The New York TimesNYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier.
5978	Rhumbline Advisers now owns 13,383 shares of the company’s stock worth $248,000 after acquiring an additional 354 shares in the last quarter.
5979	Rhumbline Advisers owned approximately 0.12% of Dupont Fabros Technology worth $3,809,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
5980	Ribadu urged the youthful members of CODE to join the anti-corruption crusade.
5981	Ribota told the audience that his warship would always solemnly and silently man the rails when passing near Sgt. Peralta’s grave at Fort Rosencrans, an honor to the Marine hero.
5982	Ricciardo and especially Max Verstappen were very strong in practice.
5983	Richard also likes threatening women like Erin Andrews.
5984	Richard Kahlenberg, a senior fellow at progressive thinktank Century Foundation, says he regards it as a turning point for the country: “We were accustomed to having schools segregated by race.
5985	Richard Kelly revealed that he does have plans to expand on the universe he created in 2001, according to Movie Web.
5986	Richmond School Board member Liz Doerr said she had no idea the administration hired Dance as a consultant.
5987	Rick Clunn, bass fishing legend and winner of four Bassmaster Classic Tournaments, also caught his personal best, a 13 to 15-pound fish, on the lake.
5988	RICKLES: No. We were Orthodox Jews, but we really didn't deserve it.
5989	RIGBY — Technical difficulties have shut down phone and internet services at the Jefferson County courthouse and shuttered its 911 dispatch center.
5990	Right and ten years ago fifteen years ago certainly twenty years ago you wouldn't even bat an eyelash that.
5991	Right before they met the Jacksonville Jaguars at Wembley Stadium in one of the handful of NFL games taking place in England this season, two-time Super Bowl Champion 42, led the Ravens players in taking a knee.
5992	"Right now, our downtown core is not in a good state," he said.
5993	Right now, she can be seen in her weekly video commentary on the podcast and is co-host of the video game news show Kinda Funny Games Daily describes her as being “Video Game Lover, Entertainment Geek.”
5994	Right now the Sabres are surrounded by a losing culture.
5995	Right Relations with everyone calls to you.
5996	Risk Control will dispatch a response vehicle immediately to apprehend suspects,” said James.
5997	Robert De Niro happens to believe in Cahill's vision and was the commencement speaker at the graduation ceremony in Fordham University this year.
5998	Robert is described as a Hispanic boy, 5’4″, 75 pounds, with brown eyes and brown hair.
5999	Roberto Firmino’s admittance to drunken driving earlier this week alludes to a club in peculiar disarray.
6000	Roberts noted that companies are not always prepared to offer a bounty or set up the bounty program.
6001	Roberts said it appeared Cardenas may have had “mental issues.”
6002	Robert testified that one day, Aguirre told him there was going to be a barbecue at his parents' house and wanted to know if Gabriel could go with them.
6003	Robert W. Baird cut PACCAR from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and upped their target price for the stock from $60.00 to $62.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd.
6004	Robinson Cano’s booted ground ball — his second error of the series — allowed the leadoff runner to reach and put unnecessary pressure on the rookie Pazos, who had worked through the heart of Kansas City’s order on Monday.
6005	Robinson O’Neal’s coach Akima Powell said she thought the games were quite well.
6006	Rock’s last show was in Sydney on Thursday night and yesterday he flew to Auckland for more performances.
6007	Rogers deserves a lot of credit here.
6008	Roger Stone, one of the many Trump associates who is under federal scrutiny over his activities during the presidential campaign, has been $9.99 “Comey Nut Job” T-shirts on his website since the spring.
6009	Rogue One has been a huge success, grossing more than $1.01 billion globally, as of Jan.
6010	Rollo led the team in walks and was a standout shortstop.
6011	Romans find it impossible to understand Neapolitans when they speak dialect, even though the two cities are separated by a 90-minute train journey.
6012	Ron LaPointe with canoes and kayaks at his home in LaSalle, Ontario.
6013	Ron Roenicke will take over as bench coach, bringing 27 years of coaching experience to Boston.
6014	Ron Taverner told reporters yesterday.
6015	Rookier pacer Jason Behrendorff (4/21) ripped through the high—profile Indian batting to restrict the home team to a below par 118 at the Baraspara Stadium, which hosted its first international match tonight.
6016	Roth says that simply isn’t the case.
6017	Roughly two-thirds of defense civilians are managed under the General Schedule civil-service personnel system.
6018	Rousseau got the habit of anger on the road from Paris to Vincennes while pondering an essay on the function of culture in the creation of society.
6019	Rowe latched onto a loose ball in the box and smashed low from 15 yards with Franks sliding in to block only to turn it past his own keeper at the near post.
6020	RTÉ issued a statement last night confirming the man was an employee of the State broadcaster.
6021	R-T Specialty, LLC, a subsidiary of Ryan Specialty Group, LLC, provides wholesale brokerage and other services to agents and brokers.
6022	Rubio, in a series of Twitter posts, called the planned expansion of the Child Tax Credit a "solid step toward broader reforms" that he wanted to continue working on in the months and years to come.
6023	Rufus Tyrell owned the warehouse, managed the gambling and wrote the rules where fighters of various skills and different levels of desperation came to this makeshift arena.
6024	Ruhl said three suspects approached the victim while one suspect stayed in the suspect vehicle during the altercation.
6025	Ruiz's comment about feeling like she's being "prepared for prison" shows how the presence of police officers on campus can make students feel like their school views them as potential criminals.
6026	Ruling out the cultivation of GM crops in Scotland is one example.
6027	Rumors have been flying around Northern Nevada that Tom Cruise and his production team have been seen in Fallon.
6028	Runners-up were Doreen Salmond, Lynn Joubert and Marie van der Walt, each winning a gammon.
6029	Running an institution like CWU takes a lot of people.”
6030	Running back Myles Gaskin, defensive lineman Greg Gaines, offensive tackle Kaleb McGary and safety Jojo McIntosh could all leave early, too.
6031	Russell Westbrook Did It!
6032	“Russia has shown great solidarity with us, and we really look forward to a vibrant and very dynamic relationship between our two countries.
6033	Russia is brokering reconciliation talks between Hamas and Fatah in Moscow; both ask for help with the new US president-elect.
6034	Russian ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin speaks during a news conference at the U.N. headquarters in New York September 2, 2015.
6035	Russia tells us directly or indirectly that its national laws take precedence over EEU ones and thus creates artificial obstacles.
6036	Ryan Lancefield, 26, of Tzaneen in Limpopo, is one of the founders of Johannesburg-based start-up Biotree.
6037	Ryan Reynolds (L) and Blake Lively attend the 74th Annual Golden Globe Awards at The Beverly Hilton Hotel on January 8, 2017 in Beverly Hills, California.
6038	Ryan Roy, pictured in his yearbook at Essex High School in Burlington, Vermont, was described as 'very left' by a friend.
6039	Ryder said the conference also adopted a resolution that calls for strengthening of partnerships at the international level to promote the new standard.
6040	Sacca teased exciting additions to the show, including a "really super exciting cameo" and a "badass" pirate named Barracuda.
6041	Sacked National Caretaker Committee of the Peoples Democratic Party led by Senator Ahmed Makarfi has said the governors elected on the platform of the party are not thieves.
6042	Sadly, Charlotte was defeated by the brainbox chaser after answering a question about Greek words wrong.
6043	Sadly, GC went on to explain that she feels that a baby is the only thing missing in her life, and that she feels “unfulfilled” as she watches her friends fall in love and start families.
6044	Sadly, given she’s a female engineer working at a thrusting, big-name Silicon Valley startup, the experiences are exactly what you’d expect.
6045	Sadly I took the bait, it wasn’t.
6046	Sadly, never a rich or powerful will be punished.
6047	Sadly, she was conspicuously absent and did not even send a representation, a snub which insiders say could earn her husband, Abdulmumin, final removal from the House.
6048	Sadly, this is not true in real life.
6049	Sadly……This is true.
6050	Saham Group wrote in a statement that they are “thankful for Bendidi’s contribution to the development of the Group.
6051	Saharanpur (Uttar Pradesh): The well known Islamic seminary in Saharanpur, Darul Uloom Deoband, has issued a fatwa banning Muslims from posting pictures on social media sites.
6052	SAI Chief Marketing Officer Zohaib Hassan said the expansion of operations became possible following the induction of four new aircraft this year, which took the fleet to 26.
6053	Saint Leo University (www.saintleo.edu) is a modern Catholic teaching university that is firmly grounded in the liberal arts tradition and the timeless Benedictine wisdom that seeks balanced growth of mind, body, and spirit.
6054	Saint West is growing up SO FAST!
6055	Salah's superb start in England was a continuation of his fine form in Italy, where the diminutive player was a key figure in Roma's best league placing in seven years.
6056	Salem State swiftly struck back, however, and a three-pointer by first-year guard Sean Bryan with the clock running down cut Tufts’ lead to 40-35 going into the break.
6057	Sales actually kick off from today, August 24, even though the phablet won’t begin shipping until September 15. That’s also when it will begin appearing in stores.
6058	Salesforce.com (NYSE:CRM) had its price target boosted by Citigroup Inc. from $111.00 to $112.00.
6059	“Saliva contact with an open wound or areas such as eyes, nose or mouth can also transmit rabies,” said Yanity.
6060	Salleh, who is also Usukan state assemblyman, said the people should realise that many successes had been achieved under the administration of the federal government with the cooperation of the state governments of Sabah and Sarawak.
6061	Salmon: So fake, the poo was already there.
6062	SALT LAKE CITY — Winning in the NBA takes talent.
6063	Same as everyone I fight with my weakness.
6064	Sam proposed on stage to girlfriend Emma, Louis will be expecting a wedding invite as a thank you.
6065	Samson Go, deputy chief of the Mabolo Police Station, said that the couple, identified as Jerson Lawas, 28, and Pruana Apole, 48, who were live-in partners, were discovered at 5:15 p.m.
6066	Samsung's big Galaxy Note 8 challenge: Making it stand out - CNETEsto también se puede leer en español.
6067	Samsung will reportedly launch their flagship in April, but there are already many rumors and leaks suggesting what should we expect from the Galaxy S8.
6068	Samurai World were indeed coming soon, then wouldn’t we have learned of some Japanese actors joining the cast of Season 2 by now?
6069	Sanal, who was shot to fame after winning the prestigious Hivos Tiger Award at the International Film Festival of Rotterdam earlier this year for his indie flick S Durga, never stays away from controversies.
6070	Sanders says tax overhaul 'makes a bad situation worse'
6071	Sandra Dionne on December 2nd, 2017 2:08 pm Can’t wait to see you and thank you for all you have done to make America Great, Love you President Trump need 2 tickets to your rally on the 8th.
6072	San Francisco’s Recreation and Park Commission thought it voted Thursday to strip Justin Herman’s name from the plaza next to the city’s Embarcadero Center — then found out later that it hadn’t.
6073	Sano’s suspension came down two days later, and he immediately appealed, enabling him to remain in the lineup the past two weeks.
6074	Sanya Goffe, a partner at Hart Muirhead Fatta, is the recipient of the Libby Slater Award for 2017.
6075	Saplings that were planted have grown to give enough shade to people at every street at the village, all thanks to 120 youth who have been nurturing the plants.
6076	Sara Barrett, Windham senior, defense: A two-time second-team All-SMAA selection, Barrett is tough to beat.
6077	Sarah Larson, freshman, described her teammates as fun-loving and crazy, but intentional in relationships.
6078	Sara Ward said her Chihuahua Lola was attacked and killed by a loose pit bull on Saturday, May 20, 2017.
6079	Satanic Temple founder: More than half of members could be LGBTQ Get WND's mobile app for free.
6080	Sato called it unfortunate that a writer had lost his job but said he appreciates the support he’s received from those who thought Frei’s comments were inappropriate.
6081	Saturday was quite the day at the ballpark for Brian Johnson.
6082	Saudi Arabia doesn’t have the kind of resources to really fight independently of the U.S. let alone against it.
6083	Saudi Arabia is now drifting closer to Russia.
6084	SAVANNAH, GA – Organizations such as the United Way of the Coastal Empire and Second Harvest of Coastal Georgia are giving hundreds of families plenty to be thankful for this holiday.
6085	Says Jenna Siebert, "Seeing my vision come to life has been an amazing feeling.
6086	Say, you know who else was worse than prostitutes?
6087	“Scammers know where the money is at, if you look at the banks, probably 75% of the money in banks is seniors,” Gillette said.
6088	Scheduled performers for the two-day event include national electro-funk musician Marvel Years, Japhy’s Descent, Banana Gun, painter Deon Doughty, and burlesque performer Ana Marie Bendova.
6089	School is — thankfully — still about a month away, but it’s never too early to start scoping out deals.
6090	Schools said they continue to have difficulty identifying what comprises a material incident that needs to be reported and they struggle with differing conceptions of what constitutes “bullying,”
6091	Scientists at Google have come up with an idea to help deliver internet connectivity to the 60 percent of the global population that still lack it: balloons.
6092	Scientists will also look for funding, including from private foundations.
6093	SCL says 327 customers – homes/businesses – are affected, but no word yet on the outage’s cause.
6094	SC must get rid of this political motivated case at the earliest.
6095	’s Cold War-era fable has an enchanting as a mute woman who tries to save a scaly, misunderstood (but well hung) creature she identifies with.
6096	Scoones – not you again with your diatribe?
6097	Scorning serious proposals, the White House offers a Trump University plan for employment.
6098	Scotland already look like they will not qualify after two losses from four games, while England are in a comfortable position in a comfortable group, four points clear of third-placed Slovakia.
6099	Scott and Arnie chat with Andy Shirtliff from the Governor’s Office of Economic Development.
6100	Scroll down to see the final pictures, and make a salon appointment a.s.a.p., before this trend implodes and dies.
6101	S. Department of Justice report on the shooting.
6102	Sean Wallace (left) of Riversyde Motors jostles for position with a Kelowna opponent at the Kamloops Invitational Soccer Tournament on the weekend.
6103	Searches return a detailed, documented certificate from the DoD demonstrating proof of compliance.
6104	Season I of the Reward Scheme produced over 37 millionaires, 48 customers won N250, 000 and over a 120 customers went home with N100, 000 each plus other household consolation prizes.
6105	Seattle coach Pete Carroll had told Cable to talk to the offense but Baldwin pushed him away because he wanted quarterback Russell Wilson to be the voice addressing the team’s offensive woes.
6106	Sebi is also examining the settlement agreement between Mallya and Diageo as well as the role of auditors in the non-detection of diversion of funds from USL.
6107	Second of all, Boussaid and the government had all the latitude and the time to tell the governor of the Central Bank not to announce a specific date.
6108	Second, there has been no reduction whatsoever in the number of students admitted to or enrolled on other UC campuses.
6109	Secretary-general Gwede Mantashe had highlighted that the shuffle was not one that came from the ANC but that Zuma had simply presented the list to them.
6110	Secretary of State George P. Schultz wrote years later in The Washington Post that Kohl exerted tremendous pressure on Reagan to go through with the visit.
6111	Secret Empire isn't over as we have 2 Steve Rogers heading into Marvel Legacy: (1) real yet corrupted Hydra Supreme & (2) an unreal ideal brought to life as Captain America.
6112	See if Alphabet can continue to show renewed price strength and clear that threshold.
6113	Seema Verma, a Pence protege, has been mentioned as a possible successor to Price.
6114	Seems Magic didn’t care for the offensive style Westhead espoused.
6115	Seen here are images from Mt. Pleasant and Wayland’s Independence Day celebrations.
6116	See you at the Polls.
6117	Selecting theatre shows to produce can be a tricky process.
6118	Selena Gomez premiered “Feel Me” exclusively on tour, but high-quality studio audio has eluded fans for months.
6119	SELYUKH: And there's more.
6120	Semen collected from the 1996 crime was tested.
6121	Semifinal winners, 6:35 p.m.
6122	Senate Bill 863 is a proposal to shield the names, birthdates, driver’s license numbers or any other identifying information of potentially thousands of recreational pot customers amid worries over a federal marijuana crackdown.
6123	Senate Finance Chair Julie Rosen, R-Vernon Center, said she expects veterans projects to stand a good chance with the new Senate Republican majority.
6124	Senior Bethany Seger and junior Ali Wilt lost the first set at No. 1 doubles 6-4 and had a comeback in the second to tie.
6125	Senior center Eric Gallo, however, said he thinks the Hokies’ offense under-produced against Clemson because Tech got off to a slow start.
6126	Senior NCP leader Dhananjay Munde has requested chief minister Devendra Fadnavis not to implement the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE-Main) for admission to engineering colleges till the state upgrades its syllabus at par with the CBSE.
6127	Senior Quintin Crandall homered in the third and Thomson’s RBI single in the fourth handed K-State a 4-2 lead through four.
6128	Senior running back Kyle Hicks will be a game-time decision after not playing in the second half against SMU, Patterson said.
6129	Sen. James Lankford of Oklahoma said Wednesday that the Russian troll farms were hashtagging “take a knee” and “boycott NFL” to amplify the issue and make it seem like a bigger deal than it is.
6130	Sentencing in the case is scheduled for June 22.
6131	Seoul and Washington launched the annual Foal Eagle exercises last week.
6132	September 20, 2017 at 11:52 pm —
6133	Serve with soft boiled eggs and syrup.
6134	Services for Robert D. “Bob” Hubbell will begin at 11 a.m. on Thursday at Hanson-Neely Funeral Home, Ada by Pastor Charles Fuerstenau.
6135	Sessions defended Comey again in interview on Fox News’ Sunday Morning Futures on November 6th, 2016, shortly before Comey closed the investigation.
6136	Sessions initially he "did not have communications with the Russians," then later said the talks were not about campaign matters.
6137	Seven sailors died aboard the Fitzgerald, when it collided with a container ship off Japan on June 17. The McCain ran into a merchant ship east of the Straits of Malacca and Singapore.
6138	Seventeen states have similar tax credit scholarship programs and a few others, like Kentucky and Texas, are considering bills this year.
6139	Seventeen-year-old Corey Cummins of Muskegon said that he heard the park was open a week ago.
6140	Several hundred Cawood Water District customers have been without water since Sunday due to a break in a 12-inch pipe at the district’s water plant.
6141	Several members are elected into the board from the various sub-organisations including coaches and technical personnel, and women in sports, before the elected board members then elect the principal officers among themselves.
6142	Several new properties have been added into the committee’s proposed boundaries including Waterford Liquor, 203 N. Milwaukee St. The board directed village staffers to notify property owners by mail that it was included in the new boundaries.
6143	Several of the individuals responsible for the fires still live in Fort Bragg.
6144	Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of DNKN.
6145	Several other research firms also recently commented on EXFO.
6146	Several people reported witnessing the assault, according to a police report.
6147	Several people suffered minor injuries when a car tried to get through crowds of protesters at a vigil for a transgender woman killed by police in St. Louis Wednesday night.
6148	Several people who knew his parents, and Roseman, said Joseph has had severe psychological problems since the mid-1980s and has been in and out of mental institutions.
6149	Several research firms recently weighed in on AF.
6150	Several runners and walkers stayed warm at the starting line by hopping up and down, donning turkey caps, or rubbing their hands briskly together.
6151	Several studies—examples: here, here, and here—have found it in the urine of kids who live near treated fields.
6152	Several video clips of Liu have appeared on YouTube, which is blocked in China, since his sickness came to light.
6153	Several viewers recorded the incident of panic and chaos on their mobile phones and shared videos on social media.
6154	Several weeks ago, YouTube vlogger and filmmaker Julien Solomita shared a video about the importance of personal privacy.
6155	Sex is a very important aspect of a relationship.
6156	SEYMOUR – A fire gutted a single family home on Bungay Road late Sunday.
6157	SGI says it plans to hold bars accountable for what they serve their customers, starting with a lawsuit against two in Saskatoon.
6158	"Shakespearean works are difficult to work with considering the complexities in the language and style, but I still decided to give it a shot," she said.
6159	Shame on Morrison's for peddling this ridiculous product.
6160	Shame the round’s over.
6161	Shane Leach has been parking his motorhome in the free car park since November, but has been ticketed twice by Wilson Parking, despite it having no jurisdiction over the site.
6162	Shannan Hinton is the director for the county’s emergency management.
6163	Shaquille O’Neal, who had already played the superhero known as Steel, once read for a role.
6164	Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th were issued a $0.09 dividend.
6165	Shares are about 1% away from a 94.73 flat-base buy point.
6166	Shares have been consolidating since December 2015 and are above their 50-day and 200-day moving average lines.
6167	Shares of Crane Company () traded up 0.81% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $84.22.
6168	Shares of Gamestop Corporation (NYSE:GME) traded up 2.42% on Tuesday, hitting $23.28.
6169	Shares of Genworth Financial () traded down $0.03 during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $3.45.
6170	Shares of QuickLogic Corporation () traded up 3.11% during trading on Friday, reaching $1.66.
6171	Shares of Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) traded down 0.47% during trading on Monday, hitting $52.47.
6172	Sharing her experience of being a host to Gayle, Anushree, who postponed a family vacation to be at the event, said, “Though I was initially nervous, Gayle greeted me and put away all my worries.
6173	Sharon always had a strong feeling for religion and visited and studied nearly every kind of Christian church, and when missionaries knocked on her door, they answered many of her questions.
6174	She accompanied her tweet with an image of an IKEA version of the vaunted border wall.
6175	She added, “I do not know what will be harder for them?
6176	She added it would help foster a more inclusive environment for black students.
6177	She added that "it can be daunting and exhausting to be emotionally present for each person," when time is short and duties are plentiful.
6178	She adds some yellow to an image of an old Island house.
6179	She also advocated better police-community relations: “There is a lot of work to be done in bettering relationships.
6180	She also believed an adjournment was necessary to enable appropriate officers move the money to the CBN, as was ordered by the court.
6181	She also brings maturity to the squad.
6182	She also expects most Manitobans would support a patio ban.
6183	She also hit two home runs, recorded four RBIs and stole two bases.
6184	She also hosts the station’s popular “Lunch with Lesley” segment in which she shares a meal and a conversation with notable sports personalities.
6185	She also said he would forcefully make her have sex with him against her will.
6186	She and an investigator (Bill Pullman) take a long dark trip into her psyche to find that explanation, as the investigator grows more and more obsessed with uncovering the truth.
6187	She answered even the stupidest of my endless string of questions about Freetown.
6188	She asks Jon Snow what he thinks.
6189	She began a career in insurance sales in January 1964 and was top insurance sales agent for two insurance companies (Pilgrim Health and Life Insurance Company and Atlanta Life Insurance Company).
6190	She began her efforts to get to know each student after no one showed up to a parent teacher night 12 years ago.
6191	She condemned the attackers as "despicable", saying they "could have killed somebody" and that they should be "so ashamed of themselves".
6192	She continued: "We are reducing quite a bit to help our customers because our customers tell us what they want.
6193	She cooks it to perfection and I don’t get that taste anywhere else.”
6194	She did her best, though, and broke her friend’s printer in the process from overuse.
6195	She didn’t stay on the bag long before her older sister smacked an RBI double.
6196	“She does not give me happiness, she is so arrogant and does not respect me because she is the one paying our rent and the children’s school fees.
6197	She doesn't even remember leaving home.
6198	She doesn’t want the city to give up its rights to the property.
6199	She earned her Bachelor’s Degree from Curry College, Class of 1986.
6200	She ended the event after only 45 minutes.
6201	Sheesh & Mark you should be ashamed”
6202	“She gave me some numbers, and it’s good news.
6203	She gives a nod to the Remy’s failed track and even brings up Remy’s 8-year stint in jail for shooting a member of her entourage.
6204	She got her master's from the University of Kentucky and her doctorate from the University of Kansas both from departments of communication.
6205	She got her medical degree from Universidad de Montemorelos School of Medicine and has been practicing for more than twenty six years now.
6206	She grew to be a very generous and responsible mom, who loved to go on many outings to the park or beach with her son.”
6207	She grew up in Rochester and for three decades had longed to return to her childhood home.
6208	“She had a project she was thinking about and she thought it would be a great opportunity for us to do a project together and I signed on immediately,” said Custer Edwards, a 1992 alumna.
6209	She had a smile and genuine interest for everyone she met.
6210	She had felt accepted in her Millcreek Mormon ward and hoped for the same understanding in her new home.
6211	She had four dogs, and she had no choice but to live in her truck in the dead of winter.
6212	She had needed support and had asked Khloe to sort of be a buffer if anything went wrong.
6213	She has been brushed off by de Blasio though, who never misses a chance to conflate the back-bench assemblywoman with the leader of the free world (thus, in different ways, elevating both GOP politicians).
6214	She has five children, 12 grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren.
6215	She has said she is “open” to moving abroad again and, on past evidence at least, it would be a brave move to bet against Taylor packing her bags, Golden Boot and all, and hitting the road once more.
6216	She has touched our hearts.
6217	She indicated that MTN Ghana’s contribution to the national economy had been substantial, employing about half-of-a million people.
6218	She indignantly refused, but he denied being involved in Frankie’s death and insisted Olivia was “the bad guy.”
6219	She introduces Dr. Neil Melendez (Nicholas Gonzalez) and Dr. Avi Mehta (Pej Vahdat), who, after screening hundreds of candidates have ultimately decided on an inspiring young boy named Gabriel from the Republic of Congo with severe heart anomalies.
6220	She is about to go get the parcel when Naira pulls her to dance together.
6221	She is also working as a coordinator of the Critical Thinking Forum at the university.
6222	She is a smart woman but not particularly bright in terms of discernment about the NFL.
6223	She is currently homed in her car in ely, Cambs., and previously lived in a bungalow in Mildenhall, Cambs.
6224	She is due back in court in July.
6225	She is hoping the term “provincials” does not intimidate anyone.
6226	She is not here for body shaming.
6227	She is spayed, up-to-date on shots, heartworm negative.
6228	She is the fourth active winningest Division I coach and sixth all-time in career wins in NCAA women’s basketball history.
6229	She is the Member of Parliament for the Nalerigu/Gambaga constituency, having been elected as MP for the constituency for the first time in 2005.
6230	She just shared a picture with Salman in a monochrome tone on her account and mind you, she didn’t even caption it.
6231	She landed at the bottom at the Travelers Motel, just as the itinerant workers who stayed in the cheap rooms to work tourist jobs were fleeing for their lives.
6232	Shell Asset Management Co. increased its stake in shares of CenterPoint Energy by 95.0% in the third quarter.
6233	“She’ll be coming to Wimbledon.
6234	She looks around the hair salon, thinking she judges all these women she doesn’t know as much as they are in that moment judging her, women from a different social class to the one she’s used to.
6235	"She loved her children," she said.
6236	She loved spending time at her second home in Amelia Island, Florida.
6237	She made sure to add a picture of Sheen’s head to the body.
6238	She married her first husband and the father of her three children, Lewis Hancock, and he preceded her in death in 1969.
6239	She mentioned that she went to Hlophe’s office and explained everything to him and he allegedly asked her where she stayed.
6240	She needs to resign her seat as a commissioner and let a competent individual in there.
6241	She offered six good reasons, or rather six sexist stereotyped points, about how these foreign easterners made much better wives than Italian women.
6242	She often took full advantage of the quotas.
6243	She planted a kiss on the rapper while he shared the PDA on Instagram Live, so are the former flames giving it another go!
6244	She raised the oomph by stretching her arms behind her head to raise her bright orange top a little higher to flaunt her navel and belly chain wrapped around her slim waist.
6245	She ranks sixth in the conference in assists and leads the WHAC with a 2.33 assist-turnover ratio (98 assists, 42 turnovers).
6246	She received an excellent education and wrote poetry on a broad ranges of subjects — from flowers to female heroines and Chinese warriors.
6247	She represented the Carroll County Relay.
6248	SHERIDAN — When Jay McGinnis first started talking about retiring from his role as executive director at the Sheridan County YMCA, Elisabeth Cassiday knew it would likely be now or never if she wanted a shot at the position.
6249	Sheriff Curry said that Finch was last seen on March 30. Her car was found a day later by a deputy at Kiwanis Park.
6250	Sheriff Hammond says there are several ways the agencies were able to make these arrests.
6251	She said during the last few days only 30 such detainees were released by the Government.
6252	She said: “Everyone has bad times.
6253	She said, “I called the Aso Clinic to find out if they have an X-Ray machine, they said it’s not working.
6254	She said it was a warning shot, but a judge denied her the chance to use the stand-your-ground defense, saying she didn't do enough to prove she feared for her safety.
6255	She said she has been contacted by GoFundMe and informed that anyone who set up an account for the victims of the attack will not be able to withdraw funds.
6256	She said she would do this by building on the strength of both the school and the community around it.
6257	She said such footage would be turned over to state police for their investigation.
6258	She said: “That is why goal number three of the Office of the Head of Service 2016/17 Strategy Plan is the establishment of Enterprise Development and Commercialisation Orientation.
6259	She said that she was Tangata Whenua and could do what she liked, and I responded with a joke about it being a white man's island also.
6260	She said that spirit must be kept alive by finding ways for people to call to action.
6261	She said the arts council was $4,000 in the hole last year, and that the organization would be “toast” without this grant.
6262	She said the fact of that case was that the court held that Commission of Enquiry has the same powers as the High Court so it lacks jurisdiction to hear matter related to the Commission.
6263	She said the organizers plan to have the next 100 Kids Who Care meeting in February.
6264	She said: "There does seem to be a problem with some of the issues over the timeline in this case, and I think that potentially Kelvin Hopkins should not have been promoted."
6265	She said the shariah court, though a state court, was within the federation.
6266	She said the state-level changes are part of Gov. Larry Hogan’s efforts to reform state regulations.
6267	She said those who came out are ready to take action.
6268	She said, “We need to get to the bottom of this.”
6269	She’s also had success as a Derby participant.
6270	She says it's important to turn those new customers into satisfied ones that will visit the store again, or encourage their friends to do the same.
6271	She says “Maybe I should be there to see dad be honored.”
6272	She’s been an All-Star every year since entering the league in 2011.
6273	She’s convinced that Valentin (James Patrick Stuart) has ties to this stolen diamond.
6274	She she looks forward to working with local, county and state officials “to develop sound, responsive, progressive fiscal policies and plans that provide relief and hope for New Jersey’s residents.”
6275	She's here with us."
6276	She sighs, realising the impossibility of what she is wishing for.
6277	She sold somewhere between 100 and 200 prints in 2012.
6278	She speaks five languages.
6279	She spoke fluent Russian and was helping locals who wanted to adopt from Russia.
6280	She stands an surveys the room before departing for Conservative Central Office to proffer her resignation.
6281	She stated, in part, that she was concerned about possible fiscal consequences and non-cooperation by the county with federal law enforcement authorities.
6282	'She's wearing his shirt & he hasn't denied the tabloid articles.
6283	She tells me an elaborate story of her father’s attempts to manipulate her against her mother.
6284	'She then shares with the class that she had a conversation with another black woman the other day and apparently the woman told her that she isn't surprised because black people are generally laid back.'
6285	She thinks more of herself than she does any news.
6286	She was a Depression kid and economized where ever possible.
6287	She was a finalist in the very popular America Got Talent competition.
6288	She was a hair and makeup artist.
6289	'She was doing really well but its knocked her back down again.'
6290	She was, however, quick to point out that her office needs support from individuals and companies to fulfil its mandate.
6291	She was more of an ecdysiast.
6292	She was not arrested.
6293	She wasn’t aware of reaching the 1,000 assists milestone last season, until long after the match was over.
6294	She was one of them.
6295	“She was probably about 20 or 30 feet off the ice in the water and about the time we were there she was starting to slow down pretty good and not say much,” Rodgers said.
6296	She was soon bouncing up and down in his lap moaning with pleasure as his thick dick slid in and out of her sensitive pussy.
6297	She was then promoted to dean of Biological and Health Sciences, Physical Science Division at DVC where she spent five years dealing with the technical and educational side of academics.
6298	She was to continue waiting out the heat, work remotely, just a few days more.
6299	She was wearing a red Miami Heat cap, gray camo leggings and a black shirt.
6300	She was with a man whom authorities had also been looking for.
6301	She went on to receive her Juris Doctor from The John Marshall Law School.
6302	She would initiate the weekly payroll process by submitting the payroll electronically from the trucking company's office to the processing company in Nashville, Tenn., the indictment said.
6303	Shiite Iran and Sunni Saudi Arabia have spent years locked in bitter battles and proxy wars for regional influence and have had no diplomatic relations since January 2016.
6304	Shirley was a compassionate and nurturing daughter, wife, mother, grandmother, and nurse whose faith and love of God, family, and friends touched the lives of so many.
6305	Shkreli said before the trial started that he was “so innocent, the jury, judge and the prosecution are gonna give me an apology.”
6306	Shockingly, most school policies do not even mention the fact that families in financial trouble might be eligible for free or reduced-price meals.
6307	Shohei Ohtani says no to the Yankees, leaving the Mariners, Giants, Angels and perhaps even Padres and Dodgers as landing spots.
6308	Shopify (NYSE:SHOP) (TSE:SH) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd.
6309	Shopping addict and dancer Tyla, who spends £40,000 a YEAR on clothes and shoes, has a much-needed clear-out - and looks into volunteering at a charity shop.
6310	Shortly after, I began wearing orthotics.
6311	Shortly after noon last Wednesday the GT Central Dispatch received a call from a citizen canoeing on the Boardman River that they saw a body on the east bank of the river.
6312	Shortly after the break-ins occurred, one of the stolen credit cards was used at the retail store Target in the Mobile area.
6313	Shortly after the model home Grand Opening, NEW HOME will release the first phase of Amethyst residences to those on its priority list.
6314	Short-term U.S rates will take their cues from a plethora of Fed speakers this week, starting with today’s two regional Fed president speakers – Rosengren (Boston) at 9:00 am EST, and Lockhart (Atlanta) at 12:40 EST.
6315	Should all owners of companies and corporations that are announcing the same situations and creating the same threats to all of their customers and employees?
6316	Should be self.
6317	Should California (15-9, 2-4 MPSF) beat UC Irvine in its first-round matchup and should UCLA get past the winner of the first play-in game, the Bruins’ next game will be against the Bears.
6318	Should have followed the advice of Hoots the Owl.
6319	Should we not do the same?
6320	Shoutout to Fleischman for providing me with content and his team with W’s.
6321	Showing how to carry off a kurta-look as a formal one, Kapoor wore a custom-made all-black kurta and pants by The Maroon Suit for IIFA 2017 Press Conference.
6322	Shrubsole wasn’t going to be merely satisfied by Raut’s dismissal.
6323	Shy treats his beer selection the same way the chefs at Hog’s treat sourcing their meat and produce, which he believes sets the place apart from others that might get their beers directly from brewers only when convenient.
6324	SIBU: All parties concerned must learn from the bitter lesson of a recent tragic cycling incident at Lingkaran Dalam Road in Johor Baharu (JB).
6325	SIBU: A teacher lodged a police report after he returned to his longhouse in Bawang Assan last Saturday to find three bronze items, including an antique, stolen.
6326	Siddhartha Mitter, writing for Quartz Africa, noted that Mr Macron’s claim that women have “seven to eight children” on average is an extreme observed only in Niger, where the figure is disputed.
6327	SIDNEY, Ohio (WDTN) – A local country singer will take the stage at Newport Saturday.
6328	Signage must be reviewed under a separate permit application and isn’t part of the warrant.
6329	Signing Pastrnak to a long-term, big money deal is the path the Bruins have to take.
6330	Sign up for Baskin-Robbins and Ben & Jerry's e-clubs, and you'll get a free scoop of ice cream on your birthday.
6331	Silence will make way for celebration and colour just 24 hours later, with the government urging people to turn up at Castille Square on Wednesday evening to celebrate the passing of the Marriage Equality Bill.
6332	Siler asked the panelists if through all their difficulties had anything positive come from their distinct experiences.
6333	Silicom (NASDAQ:SILC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th.
6334	Silicon Motion Technology Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 66.2% on a year-over-year basis.
6335	Similar cases of mass suicide of civilians occurred at other locations during the battle, although exact data is unavailable.
6336	Similarly in Cameroon, more than 1,000 people – many arrested arbitrarily – were held in horrific conditions and dozens died from torture, or disease and malnutrition.
6337	Similarly, my phone knows where I am, so my airline should too.
6338	Similarly, services provided by an employee to an employer will also be outside the ambit of GST.
6339	Similar polls have been conducted monthly since 2003 and have mainly shown overall satisfaction.
6340	Simmons also introduced the affidavits by stating they were proof that the 'experiences that weekend with Keri Claussen Khalighi 26 years ago were consensual.'
6341	SIMON: I gather you were a teenager when your father was arrested.
6342	"Simple, dual-purpose furnishings are absolutely on trend now," says Blecker.
6343	Simple jobs can be done in a couple of hours but some more complicated procedures can take several weeks and cost £300 a week.
6344	Simple straw mats known as “mushiro” have been used in Japan as far back as the Jomon and Yayoi era.
6345	Simply: if the NBA had not taken this stance, many fans would never have known what HB2 is.
6346	Simply, my advice to the President is never use state power to settle personal scores.
6347	Simply put, she was a playmaker.
6348	Sims has a lot of tools to work with, and he’ll go into 2017 with a leg up on all the other Titans corners from the 2016 season.
6349	Since 1960, flooding has killed more people and destroyed more property in the city than in any other in the country, according to from Texas A&M.
6350	Since 2010, the Norwegian Government has even introduced a law that makes it obligatory for Norwegian banks to deny their customers all use of their bank cards at casino operators all over the world.
6351	Since 2012, the number of girls aged 15-19 who have been prescribed antidepressants has rocketed up by 85.7% and the dosage strength has increased by 120%.
6352	Since all columns appearing today must mandatorily speak of new year resolutions, here’s one of mine for 2018: to re-read Muriel Spark.
6353	Since all of Obama’s remarks are transcribed for the public, Litt could not use the same speech twice, lest attendants at the second party think the president was phoning it in on a Jewish holiday.
6354	Since he's been in office, that has proven to be false.
6355	Since his death, A’araj has become a symbol of popular Palestinian resentment toward security cooperation between the Palestinian Authority and Israel.
6356	‘Since Ian Saunders joined the management team three games ago, he has rejuvenated a sleeping giant.’
6357	Since its debut in 2004, this event has raised more than $1 million to support MFC’s efforts.
6358	Since learning more about what happened, Johnston reflects on the man she saw walking away from the scene.
6359	Since MODOT recognizes as a “qualified contractor” within its licensing agreement, this makes these actions highly suspect as a form of bid rigging to complimentary bid and misinformation that defrauds voters.
6360	Since SLED has agreed to investigate, it would be inappropriate for me to make further comments.
6361	Since that dream, Ms. Liu was certain of the child’s gender.
6362	Since that time, the railway’s tourist excursion rides have traveled only five miles south to Norwood Station, a Midland-owned campsite about halfway between Baldwin City and Ottawa.
6363	Since the 1990s, Colombia and Bolivia have both been decertified.
6364	Since the mother spends much more time with the baby, they are given chances to learn both how to be a parent and how to parent this specific child.
6365	Since then have since gone 6-14, and find themselves three games behind Boston.
6366	Since then, the district and Emergency Management B.C. have been working with a geotechnical engineer to assess the site, however poor weather conditions have impeded the investigation.
6367	“Since they were the ones that brought him back and reinstated him, they should also bring him out now, arrest and prosecute him.”
6368	Since Valentine’s Day, 2017 falls on a Tuesday, many restaurants will offer special options over a long weekend, so snagging a spot may not be that dicey.
6369	Since we are a public library, not an archive or a research library, it is not only reasonable but responsible to weed the collection based on usage rather than nostalgia or our individual sense of what is (or should be) valuable.
6370	Since you hired me as the county’s Rescue Coordinator, I have worked very diligently to put a rescue program in place and to bring about improvements at the shelter itself.
6371	Siraj wasted no time in acknowledging the contribution of Bharat Arun, Team India's bowling coach, who was in charge of Hyderabad when he picked up 41 wickets in the Ranji Trophy 2016/17 season.
6372	SIR BOB GELDOF took aim at world leaders and Aung San Suu-Kyi in a wide-ranging speech yesterday, calling the latter a “disgrace” that “insults” those who’ve fought for justice and peace.
6373	Sitting all day at home with no job is tiring.
6374	Sitting in a valley deep within the Great Basin Desert of the Bonneville Salt Flats, the tunnels capture and reflect light, fulfilling Holt’s purpose of connecting the earth and sky.
6375	Sixth-graders will move into the building this fall for the first time, but Gibson said he doesn’t expect any crowding issues.
6376	Siyavora has been in the company for over 15 years.
6377	Size isn’t a problem with the Wild.
6378	Skiles also said the new council would hold its elected representatives accountable to stakeholders by enforcing limits of four consecutive terms and allowing stakeholders to recall council members.
6379	Skipper Diamond Thopola said Chippa United would be banking on home ground advantage when they host Baroka FC in a Premier Soccer League fixture at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Tuesday (7.30pm).
6380	Slavery was an extremely diverse economic institution, one that extracted unpaid labor out of people in a variety of settings – from small single-crop farms and plantations to urban universities.
6381	Slipknot, of course, knows this.
6382	Slowly feed them the information that your boss is incompetent.
6383	Slurring on a first date is not attractive and getting drunk is the quickest way to guarantee you won’t be getting a second date.
6384	Small wonder then that busy mum Cat, 29, is sometimes in need of brief respite.
6385	Smashcast, a combination of now-defunct streaming sites Hitbox and Azubu, is a gaming and esports-centric site with better chat and feed options than Twitch currently has (though Twitch is improving).
6386	Smith said the system came about as the company was providing care for people and noticing how many seniors were at risk of wandering.
6387	Smith then scored on a squeeze bunt by Lee to tie the game at 5-5.
6388	Smith was able to practice fully on Thursday.
6389	Snow in Glasgow, Scotland, forced the city’s busy airport to temporarily suspend flights.
6390	So after just one semester I took a leave of absence, although I think my father and I both realized I was never going back.”
6391	“So all change from what we’ve got at the moment, with another plunge of cold air coming our way.
6392	So, animal care staff decided she would have the best chance at a full life if she were hand-raised.
6393	So are the Grammys even worth watching anymore?
6394	So as the days and years dribble away, our two leaders, like Godzilla and Rodan, grapple and roar and roll around, smashing the model Tokyo to flinders.
6395	So basically the government of Belize, the cabinet had taken a decision to deal with it legislatively as early as April or maybe before that.
6396	Social media makes people mad, often when they see content that conflicts with their deeply held beliefs.
6397	Social media provides a space for this reciprocal learning.
6398	Social Security is adjusted yearly based on a cost-of-living analysis; critics argue this year's increase does not match rising medical costs for most seniors.
6399	So Easter this year '17 has been timing -- timed in a different way as last year, but makes a difference, it makes a positive difference.
6400	So far, an estimated 8.9 million people have received the vaccination, out of which, 176 cases of possible side effects, including body pain, have been reported.”
6401	So far, finding all those women hasn’t proved easy.
6402	So far in 2017, there have been 13 overdose deaths.
6403	So far it looks like she’ll be a solid addition to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit team.
6404	So far only 20,900 people have been relocated.
6405	So far, police have not released the names of the suspected shooter or the four people injured.
6406	So far, the taskforce has conducted two surveys and gathered significant entry and performance data on CSEC and CAPE History.
6407	SoFi has been talking about an IPO for several years now.
6408	So, for that reason, I wouldn't pick Nigel for the job.
6409	So, from Coach Hud and the rest of the Ragin' Cajuns Nation to ESPN: Use this one.
6410	So, he was indiscernibly piqued with General Buratai’s appearance on BBC “Hard Talk” programme; forgetting in his peevish idiosyncrasies that aside being the COAS, General Buratai doubles as the leader of the Counter-Insurgency Operations in Nigeria.
6411	So how can they do this and isn’t it a violation of your constitutional rights?
6412	So how much fence does this arrangement use?
6413	So, I am a big fan of school uniforms.
6414	“So I definitely got some looks, got a great applause at the beginning and then got a standing ovation at the end.
6415	So I did it and it worked out.”
6416	So, if entirely different faces had the same crooked hairline, for example, the same neuron would fire in response to every face.
6417	“So if you’ve not yet discovered CallConnect, now’s the ideal time to do so.”
6418	So I guess technically it's "undershot."
6419	“So I just don’t think that it was fair,” said ticketed driver Debra Dembry.
6420	So I’m happy to deliver beat down to Donald Trump — and also to Barron.
6421	So, in some cases, that talent may be supervising the previous staff or replacing the previous staff, in some cases.
6422	So, in the spirit of the season, I have a few suggestions based on my own wish list.
6423	So I thought that - I always thought that spoke highly of them - that they weren't (laughter), you know, just happy to to rack up a victory for Jesus.
6424	So, it’s bullish that imports of copper into China rose 1.9% in the first two months of 2017, to 2.7 million metric tons.
6425	So, it’s easy to conclude that we are going to have slightly higher exchange rate effect on the profit, given this geographical mix.
6426	So it will be interesting to see how this all plays out.
6427	So, just open the official Android Store, search for Facebook Lite 31.0.0.2.69 and install it on your mobile handset.
6428	So, Lisa Friel is not someone to be trusted.
6429	So long as you don’t have to go in any of the half-dozen war-zone ‘hoods (i don’t, and yes, I am grateful), you’re pretty much as safe from random gun death here as you could be in any major American city.
6430	Some 20,000 Christians have taken refuge at ad hoc displaced persons sites at the Catholic Church and other churches.
6431	Some 61 percent of the study's participants said they would use magnesium supplements to manage their depression in the future.
6432	Some afternoon puffy clouds will melt away this evening, leaving mainly clear skies here in Southern New England.
6433	Some analysts advocate a full-scale revocation of small business tax advantages like in the U.K., while others think the existing broadly-based small business preferential rate should be replaced with measures more targeted to start-ups and growing firms.
6434	Some are adopted by the public.
6435	“Some are lucky and have their own apartment – sometimes thanks to their parents indebting themselves – others are not as fortunate.”
6436	Some are managed and partly funded by taxpayers through a public health district, but while their residents' support helps, elements of these smaller health care systems aren't sustainable as they run now.
6437	Some believers think it's totally fine to trick or treat and let their kids have a go at the candy.
6438	Some benefits include reduced cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, healthier blood vessels and a stronger immune system.
6439	Some business owners believe this will come at a great cost, and they hope their voices are heard.
6440	Some campaigners believe plastic pollution to be the most significant environmental problem behind climate change.
6441	Some experts have attributed reduction in interest rates to surge in deposits with the banks post demonentisation.
6442	Some find it artistic while others say it's disrespectful.
6443	"Some guys were taking off their T-shirts, and then I saw women taking their shirts off.
6444	Somehow we did not make this clear to Gary Kubiak who still wondered out loud which it was during his resignation speech.
6445	Some injuries from slips and falls on icy surfaces are possible.”
6446	Some observers are calling for social and economic reforms to dry up the sources of extremism.
6447	“Some of my friends tell me, ‘God it must be so nice, you get a break from your kid because you share him,’” she said.
6448	Some of NAN correspondents, who visited some retail and wholesale food markets in Plateau, Benue, Nasarawa, Kogi, Niger and Taraba, found that the gradual, but steady arrival of fresh crops had stepped up supply and pushed down the costs of the items.
6449	"Some of the dead were in pieces beyond recognition," said Bayi Muhammad, a worshipper at the mosque in Mubi who said he only escaped the blast because he was late for early morning prayers.
6450	Some of these challenges, according to her, are related to access to foreign exchange, transfer of securities and current regulations that do not allow the development of business in a timely manner.
6451	Some of us work our fingers to the bone on minimum wage, and can't afford even a week in Skeggy.
6452	Someone from the sports ministry should call up Narasimha Rao, former Indian Test cricketer, to ask him about the MBE (Member of British Empire) medal he received from the Queen of England.
6453	Someone who sings very badly, is tone-deaf or is musically challenged.
6454	Some people in this community respond to specific people about specific vlogs, often recutting and recontextualizing them to make their point, or to mock other people’s content.
6455	Some recent examples from twitter.
6456	Some students are able to 3-D-print their dragsters to race.
6457	Some student seems to deny racism, and use “freedom of speech” arguments to justify it.
6458	Some things, are cultural.
6459	Some time ago I came across this quote and immediately resonated with its message –
6460	Sometimes a single artist will take on an entire dumpster.
6461	Sometimes it doesn’t matter.
6462	Sometimes it involves working with troops who experienced stress and trauma related to their service, and sometimes it is work with community organizations and veterans.
6463	Sometimes I wonder whether bye elections need so much campaign.
6464	Sometimes potholes may come back after being prepared.
6465	“Sometimes things are deemed fouls and sometimes there’s bad things that go unpunished, but it’s very difficult.
6466	“Sometimes, visiting a garden is more than the sum of its parts, more than just what happens to be in bloom at the particular time.
6467	Somewhere, we have to hope, there is a version of ourselves living in a better timeline.
6468	Some Windows laptops and other devices have hardware Wi-Fi switches or buttons that you can press by accident.
6469	Some years, a summer vacation just isn’t in the cards.
6470	So much can happen once you do.
6471	So, my belief is – you will see many such internal pushes that will lead innovations to hold the promise of India’s 8 per cent plus growth rate.”
6472	Sonderman was one of four chosen and will receive a free trip to an industry conference in San Antonio, Texas.
6473	Sonny is close to figuring out Ava Jerome (Maura West) swapped Morgan’s meds which caused his bipolar spiral and led him to steal Julian Jerome’s (William deVry) car to be blown up.
6474	So, not only is the city council considering revising its tree ordinances, it is plotting to join forces with other Maryland jurisdictions to bring PEPCO and other utilities to heel.
6475	Soon after, Wasiwa took a break until two years.
6476	Soon, Libya and Yemen joined them with similar reports from the Maldives.
6477	Soon Moonbot Studios earned international acclaim for its work.
6478	Sophomore infielder Brandon Janofsky, senior first baseman Casey Baker and junior infielder Bobby Honeyman all recorded RBI singles in the inning to give Stony Brook an early 3-0 lead.
6479	Sophomore quarterback Kyle Kromenacker threw for four touchdowns, ran for another and intercepted a pass. Senior running back Chris Pickett carried 16 times for 188 yards and three scores as Rossford upped its record to 4-5 overall and 3-3 in NBC play.
6480	SO proud of the NHS & Met Police on Waterloo Bridge tonight.
6481	So some philanthropic leaders are pressing their case.
6482	"So soon after the war, you couldn't have 'the Hun'," recalled Philip's cousin Lady Pamela Hicks.
6483	So tackling denim was a no-brainer for us," she said.
6484	So thankful for the strength of my amazing wife and grateful for our growing family."
6485	So the crop is being perceived as smaller and smaller.”
6486	So the mais velho (old man) has left.
6487	So the Mummy met Abbott and Costello, and it did not go well.
6488	So, the phase two has already began and will be completed by October this year.
6489	So there are a number of areas that we’re going to be working on very hard, based on what our constituents are telling us.
6490	So, there really isn’t a trend.
6491	So there, thank you at Maligayang Pasko sa inyong lahat!
6492	So this is a horse underscores the ten Ers is kick him there may go do it live we heard him on the politicians should to screw with us.
6493	So, this pedestrian appears to have been in a legal crosswalk, although it apparently was not a marked one.
6494	Soumya gets shocked to see Harman standing behind her.
6495	Sound off below in the comments section and check back with CDL for more Kim Kardashian news and updates.
6496	Source JeeraDaunt Books is a must-visit for any book-lover.
6497	Sources at the hospital disclosed that there were conflicting opinions among health personnel on whether a battery could cause that magnitude of explosion and damage.
6498	Sources revealed that the two left the Seychelles in March 2015 for the United Arab Emirates before their consignment was seized.
6499	Sources said there was concern that the democratic institutions should be seen to be continuing if there was a serious incident.
6500	Sources say Hopkins quickly pivoted and focused on landing Dollar.
6501	“South American players are very much protective of their style.
6502	Southampton’s Mario Lemina rattled the crossbar, but Alli ensured the contest was all over in the 49th minute, showing quick feet to curl home past Forster.
6503	SOUTHAMPTON want their former defender Calum Chambers back on loan.
6504	SOUTHBURY – A 31-year-old Watertown man was seriously injured when his sport-type motorcycle crashed Saturday night, according to police.
6505	South Canterbury Federated Farmers president Mark Adams said he was not surprised by the district's growth, particularly as the dairy sector recovered from its downturn.
6506	Southern California has been her home for two decades.
6507	South Korean men won the team pursuit in 3:44.
6508	South Korea's President Moon Jae-in said his nation will do "all it can" to prevent violence from breaking out on the Korean Peninsula.
6509	Southland shearer Nathan Stratford restored the Kiwi pride with a popular victory last year, at the start of a season in which he went on to win a World teams title in front of his home crowd in Invercargill.
6510	SOUTHPORT, England (AP) – With a chance to close out the match, Jordan Spieth fired his second shot into the par-five 15th hole at Royal Birkdale and it never left the flag, bounding onto the green about 20 feet behind…
6511	South Sudanese online have sought clarifications on the deference between the word “Defense Forces” and the “SPLA”, and whether the later means the same.
6512	Southwest winds of 10 to 20 mph will increase to between 20 to 30 mph in the afternoon.
6513	So we braced ourselves for a long river, sand, dust and rocks and boulders adventure challenge.
6514	“So we found a way that we weren't going to be limited by growth.”
6515	"So we have to keep in mind that you can make the numbers say whatever you want to, but Medicaid is not the best way to insure people," she continues.
6516	So we're not overly bothered by the period-to-period volatility from a bigger picture trend point of view.
6517	So, we went to the airport late afternoon.
6518	So, where will you chose to eat lunch today?
6519	So who is going to buy Blue Apron?
6520	So why is it that the global superstar’s big T20 moment went unnoticed?
6521	So, with your payment daily transactions now exceeding 600 million, what kind of breakdown are you seeing between the online versus offline?
6522	So you have time to suss this one out!
6523	So you never know, your tweet might win a direct response.
6524	So you think its only Manicaland that has been grounded to dust?
6525	Spacey said "that starts with examining my own behavior."
6526	Spanish League president Javier Tebas had revealed on Tuesday that VAR would be used from 2018/2019, as it has been in Italy and Germany this season.
6527	Spanish police have arrested eight people and raided 12 properties in Barcelona in an operation against suspected Islamist militants carried out in conjunction with Belgian police, Reuters has reported.
6528	Sparks lead Storm 38-37 at halftime here at Staples Center.
6529	Speaking at a science conference in Ottawa on Thursday, Canada’s newly appointed governor general, Julie Payette, directed some harsh comments towards climate skeptics, astrologists, and believers of “divine intervention.”
6530	Speaking at the 'BJP Bhagao Desh Bachao' rally in Patna, Azad said that the BJP has been deceiving 130 crore people of India for over three years now, adding that the state of law and order has never been as bad in history as it is now.
6531	Speaking exclusively to the Malawi News Agency (Mana) on Monday, the artist whose real name is Martha Chisomo Pingasa said though the recording of the songs was in the final stages, she was struggling to find the title track of the album.
6532	Speaking from his studio window over St. Peter’s Square, Pope Francis said “May the Lord welcome these courageous witnesses, these martyrs, in his peace and convert the hearts of the violent ones.”
6533	Speaking in 2008, Tracie said: “Russell and I had been married for five years when I began to feel there was someone else.
6534	Speaking on Friday, India, who works in York, said: 'Charles feels terrible for everyone who that has been worried.
6535	Speaking to the Washington Post, Mr Trump said “We couldn’t get one Democratic vote, and we were a little bit shy, very little, but it was still a little bit shy, so we pulled it.”
6536	Special counsel Robert Mueller and several congressional panels are investigating the same alleged connections, but to date have found no evidence.
6537	Specialisation “will happen naturally,” Morgan said.
6538	Specifically asked about were the Arkansas Inland Maritime Museum -- or "the submarine," as questioners have said -- and the Rock Region Metro streetcar system, formerly River Rail.
6539	“Specifically, I think it is possible to recognise the authenticity of the first apparitions as proposed by the Ruini commission.
6540	Specifically, the timing of the initial speculation made us think that he could pop up in Zack Snyder's Justice League, but perhaps the door is also open for him to have a role in Ben Affleck's untitled Batman feature as well.
6541	Specific examples from Lagos, Nasarawa, Enugu, Kaduna and Oyo are documented in the report, including visual evidences.
6542	Spend the morning lounging along the banks of the river, kayaking or wandering through the Downtown Aquarium.
6543	Spinning assets doesn't mean that that could not be one of the options, that we were the first people to spin (43:19).
6544	Spinsters to the end, they created lives well-lived, full of travel, lectures, social ties.
6545	Splinthar: OccamsWhiskers: timujin: I guess many things are "possible".
6546	Spoken like a true college drop out.
6547	Spoken like a true homer.
6548	Spokesperson for Dirco Nelson Kgwete said Mugabe “does not have diplomatic immunity” and denied reports that she would been granted a chance to escape justice.
6549	Spores from the Sporormiella fungus are found today in the dung of domestic livestock animals as well as wild herbivores.
6550	“Sport plays a significant role in Jamaica’s position as a global brand.
6551	Spring may have removed your rose-colored glasses, but even his unromantic vision leaves you wishing you had been there.
6552	Sprinkle meat with a barbecue rub or soak in a favorite marinade.
6553	SS&C Technologies Holdings currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $41.
6554	Staff members need to learn to recognise and interpret the actions of residents.
6555	Standard Chartered Bank Ghana Limited has launched its maiden Visa Infinite and Visa platinum Credit Cards in Accra.
6556	Standardized tests scores for New Hampshire students are down slightly from last year.
6557	Standing on the wooden deck of the Irving Johnson and looking up into the ship’s complex rigging system is like looking up into the wings of an outdoor stage.
6558	Stanley has nine years of experience as a certified counselor and has served in numerous administrative positions with HCCI.
6559	Starbucks offers its Starbucks K-Cup Tasting Flight Sample Pack in several roast options for free via this short form.
6560	Star lawyer Iris Fisher said last week’s Divisional Court ruling was a strong one that confirms that doctors “should be treated like everyone else who gets paid from the public purse.”
6561	Stars are known to get a little loose at the ceremony, since it’s not stuffy like the Oscars and there’s plenty of booze flowing.
6562	Starting from really six months ago, we've gone from zero central banks tightening to now two, because (in addition to the Fed) the Chinese central bank is also tightening."
6563	Starting March 15, the bag and possession limit at the reservoir will increase to 16 fish.
6564	Starting Monday, Verizon customers can get unlimited data, talk and text for $80.
6565	Starting their first year at VCU after traveling from overseas, Maite Sturm and her twin sister Svea are quite the package.
6566	Starting this Wednesday, visitors passing by Central Vista at Rajpath will be in for a treat as the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) will unveil a dynamic façade lighting with 16 million colour patterns and themes.
6567	Starting this year, Syrian children will also start to learn in English or French in first grade.
6568	Starting with the company when it was known as Bingham Optical on King Street, McDonald said it was different than he imagined it would be.
6569	Star Wars fans, however, aren’t as tunnel-visioned.
6570	Stashinsky was flown to Frankfurt on August 13, 1961, while Inge stayed behind and was interrogated separately by the West German authorities.
6571	State dinners are usually delicate, finely-calibrated affairs.
6572	State election officials express anger that they learned about the cyberattack from the news media, and not from federal authorities.
6573	State law says no one can be excluded from the program for inability to pay, but the reality is that happens.
6574	State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 143,644 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $3,371,000 after buying an additional 24,123 shares during the last quarter.
6575	State Police say when Fulton officers tried to detain McClure, things escalated, resulting in the man being shot by police.
6576	"State Rep. Paul Schmid is very exited to move this forward and Sen. Mike Rodrigues has always offered help.
6577	State Senator Dorothy Hukill, a Central Florida Republican, sponsored the law.
6578	State Sen. Tom O'Mara (R-58th District), Assemblyman Phil Palmesano and Congressman Tom Reed's office will be in attendance to speak about current issues and answer questions.
6579	State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Energous Corp by 4.2% in the fourth quarter.
6580	“Statistics shows that 40% of the problems for the elderly start with a fall.
6581	Steak preparation varies at each steakhouse, but the most common cooking methods are grilling, broiling and searing.
6582	Steered by his 1913 Bradshaw railway guide, Michael Portillo takes the train down the spine of Italy as he travels from Rome to Sicily.
6583	Stefan Stern, director at the High Pay Centre, welcomed the intervention from BlackRock but said more needed to be done to tackle excessive boardroom pay.
6584	Steiner said someone screamed that shots were fired, and parents rushed their children into the school.
6585	Stephen Hawking, the world' most famous physicist, may not be as clever as everyone thinks - and that's from a fellow scientist he once called a friend.
6586	Stephens set a $16.00 price target on Investors Bancorp and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, July 28th.
6587	Stephens started coverage on Aaron's in a research report on Thursday, January 12th.
6588	Steps have been taken to fulfill the remaining 11 also.
6589	Steven Erlanger, the chief diplomatic correspondent for The New York Times, just completed four years as London bureau chief.
6590	Stick to tennis!
6591	Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on shares of Mid-America Apartment Communities (NYSE:MAA).
6592	Still active, Oak Ridge is perhaps most notorious for widespread mercury pollution.
6593	Still, Lewis was shocked at the stories and pictures she saw from home, and moved to help out in the way she best could.
6594	Still like Kmart and it’s a good location.
6595	Still, neither of those mods quite stack up to this new creation with Reedus dancing as Kojima watches on, ending with both men holding each other in a grasp that seems appropriate for their friendship.
6596	Still, there are some concerns with Porzingis, and not just because of his three-game tailspin.
6597	“Still, when you look at the totality, we weren’t where I wanted to be.
6598	Stith was appointed by the Sweetwater County Commissioners to serve the residents of House District 48 on June 5 to fill the vacant seat left by former Rep. Mark Baker who resigned May 15.
6599	ST. LOUIS (KPLR) - Frustrated St. Louis Cardinals fans as well as Cubs fans took to social media Tuesday night, sharing pictures and video of the long security lines to get into the game.
6600	Stocker pleaded not guilty to both counts.
6601	Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 17th will be paid a $0.05 dividend.
6602	Stokes motioned to approve the deal, with commissioner Joaquin Altoro seconding the motion.
6603	Stokes said building a stronger sense of community across the campus is the best way to promote inclusiveness.
6604	Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in TRI Pointe Group during the third quarter valued at approximately $154,000.
6605	Stop pandering to alt-facts.
6606	Stop yelling at reporters.
6607	St. Patrick’s day has brought out Ireland’s best to Springfield.
6608	St. Patrick’s Day is another huge parade day for us.
6609	Straub says the estimated damage to the building was $25,000 and an additional $3,000 in damage to the Durango.
6610	Stringent laws for eve-teasing have to be put in place and the enforcement mechanism needs to be bolstered."
6611	Stringer said his office interviewed more than 1,200 straphangers at stations across the city and asked questions that included assigning grading the decrepit subways.
6612	Stroke is a medical emergency that occurs when the blood supply to the brain is interrupted by either a blockage or rupture of an artery in the brain.
6613	Student Housing South is expected to house the large sophomore class next year.
6614	Students ages 4-13 develop athletic skills along with life skills, including leadership, courage, respect, discipline, focus, confidence, integrity and humility.
6615	Students at St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Kenora are making traditional dreamcatchers and giving them to every baby born at the Lake of the Woods District Hospital, says Anishinaabemowin language teacher Sheila White.
6616	Students Custom Revise Essay Online Fast BuyEssayCheaper.
6617	Students in SkillsUSA at the school can take the course and utilize the curriculum to partake in robotics competitions.
6618	Students should pay tuition and related costs as they stand to gain the substantial individual rewards of an education.
6619	Student support services were also deemed to be accomplished by the OEPA.
6620	Studies have shown that natural lighting has a significant influence on our biological clocks.
6621	Study finds an association but doesn't prove cause and effect.
6622	Stuff like this is always worth watching, so take in the moment for yourself with the video below, shared by Nebraska’s athletics department.
6623	Sturgeon said: "You can go round and round and round in this circle if you want.
6624	Subaru is known for their safety and it doesn't lack on the WRX.
6625	Subaru, Mitsubishi and Nissan did not respond to requests for comment.
6626	Subhan Saab (50) and his son Nabi Rasool own a land parcel on the outskirts of the Melavayi village abutting Karnataka.
6627	Subsequently, he and his supporters were dispersed from the spot by the police.
6628	Subsequently, to buttress Trump’s warning, the battle carrier groups of the USSjoint naval exercises adjacent to the Korean peninsula.
6629	Successful candidates were consequently issued award letters, a copy of which was made available to our source.
6630	“Success is when the billionaires realize that they are actually harming schools and ruining the teaching profession,” she said.
6631	Such a drastic change in outcome will correlate to a significant loss in ranking points, closing his lead against the field of competitors.
6632	Such an action would in all likelihood make matters worse by pushing the economies into deeper recession.
6633	Suchan then ripped a run-scoring triple followed by a single by Jackson to score Suchan.
6634	Such a programme, eliminating all scarcities, will cut the ground from beneath the racists and xenophobes.
6635	Such commitments could make a claim to majority support in the relevant sense, and could therefore engage the Salisbury convention.
6636	Such wishful thinking has proven to be unrealistic, however, when it comes to the Trump’s administration’s response to the North Korea problem.
6637	Sudan's designation was granted in October 1997.
6638	Suddenly, an improbably Yokohama comeback seemed possible.
6639	Suffering from a quarter life crisis after getting engaged Dana teams up with her teenage sister Ali to stalk their father (John Turturro) when they suspect he is cheating on their mother.
6640	Suffolk Art Society is exhibiting in St Peter and St Paul’s Church in Lavenham from Saturday until June 11.
6641	Sulforaphane suppressed glucose production from hepatic cells by nuclear translocation of nuclear factor erythroid 2–related factor 2 (NRF2) and decreased expression of key enzymes in gluconeogenesis,” the researchers noted.
6642	Sullivan County District Attorney General Barry Staubus asked the TBI to investigate the incident.
6643	Summit Midstream Partners, (NYSE:SMLP) was upgraded by analysts at BidaskClub from a sell rating to a hold rating.
6644	Sunday, April 1 at Philadelphia, 12:30 p.m.
6645	Sunday, The Church hosts “Rocky Horror Movie and Shadowcast” presented by Los Bastardos.
6646	Sunni men and boys have routinely been subjected to torture and other ill-treatment at checkpoints and detention facilities controlled by PMU militias.
6647	SunOpta (NASDAQ:STKL) (TSE:SOY) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th.
6648	Sunrise Glamour team has been relentlessly striving to reach out to customers on its strengths - its outstanding quality and value for money price structure.
6649	Sun slants seductively through a glass of pastel rosé.
6650	Supercars worth millions of pounds brought London to a standstill as a secret club of self-confessed 'boy racers' held a procession through the heart of Westminster in tribute to the victims of last month's terror attack.
6651	Supporters of French presidential election candidate for the far-right Front National (FN) party Marine Le Pen hold banners during a campaign meeting on April 19, 2017, in Marseille, southern France.
6652	Supposedly, they gave only $25k.
6653	Suppose, for example, that you’re driving with your 6-year-old to visit her grandparents and she asks, “Are we almost there yet?”
6654	Sure, it’s fair to go for the “loft” look—and others are doing the same thing—but ultimately, the units feel little more than glorified dorm rooms.
6655	Sure, it's often foggy in St. John's, but Nick Mercer says there's still a lot of potential for solar energy generation.
6656	Sure, religious sensitivities have to be taken into account and there’s no reason why leaders of different communities should not be consulted.
6657	Sure, you know, we didn't cross the finish line in the fashion that we had hoped, but we did a lot better than many would have thought, also.
6658	Surge pricing allows the Country Club to charge $5.25 for a beer that’s $2.90 the other 51 weeks.
6659	Surprise surprise that Neonegro sees nothing wrong with it!
6660	Surprisingly the person who is not safe is Barbara Barga, who was picked up by the Gestapo.
6661	Surrey and Hampshire News: Officers are keen to speak to the horse rider who found Victor Ivanelo's belongings.
6662	Surveillance video from a nearby store then shows a car driving by, but it stops and a man gets out in the middle of traffic and grabs something on the sidewalk.
6663	Susie concluded: “I shouldn’t have to be writing this column, but I am.
6664	Sustainability and the support of local businesses are also promoted at the market—something near and dear to our hearts here at the University of Massachusetts.
6665	SUTR co-organised many of the demos outside London.
6666	Swanson extended the encounter by prevailing in game four, 12-10, then he also won the fifth game, 11-7.
6667	Swaraj will address the inaugural session of the conference.
6668	SWAT scene in the 11300 block of Murr Way.
6669	Swish Swish video is trash.
6670	Switching the system could be implemented in "a very short space of time", and would only require a license from the Reserve Bank.
6671	Sygo said the nutritional value of quinoa is further diminished when it's processed in chips, crackers and other products.
6672	Synopsis: Public Safety responded to David Kemp Residence Hall for the report of an unknown individual inside.
6673	Syrian Democratic Forces fighters in Raqqa looking for Islamic State fighters.
6674	Table tennis competitions are taking place at the campus of ENIEG/ENIET.
6675	Taft tends to get a lot of short shrift because he came after TR, so everything he did was compared to how Roosevelt would’ve handled it.
6676	Take a barrel like political.
6677	Take a listen to "Letterman" below.
6678	"Take it from me, Fifa can't take decision.
6679	Take the truly progressive Right to Education Act (RTE), an impressive piece of legislation enacted by the former UPA government, which if implemented across the board, could do wonders to improve the health of the country’s education system.
6680	Taking that away from fans — all fans — undoubtedly has The Boss rolling over in his grave.”
6681	Taking to Instagram, Stacey shared a close-up snap of her face, along with a powerful message for her 586k followers.
6682	Taking to the rally stage, Foster said she's never been comfortable using her public face for activism and has always found the small ways to serve, but that this year is different.
6683	Talk loudly on the phone about how ill you are feeling and that you aren’t sure you’re going to make it through the day.
6684	Tall Grass Arts Association will host a ‘Paint & Sip with Georgia O’Keefe’ on Saturday, July 15 from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. at the Gallery.
6685	Tambouris practiced American Sign Language for three years in high school and believes it to be a valuable source of communication.
6686	Tandon said when he joined CSS a year ago there was too much focus on technical support, which was a business that was getting commoditised and without any growth prospect.
6687	Tari said that with the support of the Culture and Tourism Ministry, the archaeology museum was finished in the first stage, and the complex was designed as a structure for social life not only for display.
6688	Taste of the winter Sea of Japan, Dongara-jiru (Dongara-jiru) of cold cod and local cuisine of Sakata link the eaves outdoors, and events such as sum drum performance or fun lottery are performed in Nakamachi of main meeting place, too.
6689	Tatum sank a free throw for Duke with 3:28 to play and UNC led by two points.
6690	Tax breaks could encourage corporate expansion.
6691	Taxes on foreign products – coffee, cocoa, iPhones – will increase.
6692	Taxi drivers protest against unfair competition in Madrid, Spain, 26 April 2017.
6693	Taxpayers shouldn’t be forced to provide handouts to agricultural producers when they simply don’t get as much revenue as they anticipated.
6694	Taylor, Freques and the Folsom staff would spend a week with a different college program each year to learn and craft their philosophies.
6695	Taylor tried to sway her.
6696	“Taylor was always one of those kids that reminded you that softball was supposed to be fun,” says Softball Coach Eric Thornton.
6697	Teacher Jennifer Kranenburg said the students really impressed her.
6698	Teach your child how to get out of scary or uncomfortable situations.
6699	Teach your kids to clean up after themselves.
6700	Team Nissan is based in Chartwell, on a property that belongs to Barry Taylor and Lorette Knowles-Taylor, who are both seasoned riders.
6701	Tearful parents and children were interviewed by television news reporters.
6702	Tech Hill Commons is a project from the The Nashville Technology Council that will feature event space, workstations and conference rooms.
6703	Technology has made car buying much easier, but also much more perilous.
6704	Ted Posselt in 1996 at the Mendocino home he built, and then rebuilt.
6705	TEL AVIV, Israel (AP) — President Donald Trump opened his first visit to Israel Monday, a two-day stop aimed at testing the waters for jumpstarting the dormant.
6706	Telvin Smith Valdosta Youth Day 2017 will take place on Saturday, July 1st at Lowndes High School from 10 a.m. – 2 p.m.
6707	Tembo was killed because as National Treasurer for MMD, he knew how the money was being raised.
6708	Temperatures fell below zero after nightfall, making the evacuation harder on both Israeli forces and protesters.
6709	Temperatures will remain in the upper 80s for most of the week with a few chances for isolated showers and storms.
6710	Tenders were open for the operation, servicing and monitoring of NDIA hydraulic excavators and pontoon to dredge outfalls within Regions: Two, Three, Four, Five, Six and Ten (Upper Demerara/Upper Berbice).
6711	Tenjinbashi is one of the oldest shopping districts in Osaka, but these days it doesn’t really look the same as it did when it was first developed.
6712	Tennessee isn’t the only traditional SEC stalwart that isn’t what it used to be.
6713	Tension has remained high in the tiny West African state as its ousted leader, Yahya Jammeh faced a midday deadline to leave office.
6714	TERESA MILLER: You may just have been out of luck.
6715	Terri Lynn Lawson and Abigale Collins both had 12 points in the defeat.
6716	Tesla’s entire reason for existing is to accelerate the advent of sustainable energy.
6717	Tests this summer will prove the technology’s maturity and in time could usher in a rival to the old lead acid battery and in some circumstances even the lithium iron.
6718	Tetra identifies international legal, political, and economic risks as well.
6719	Texas isn’t back, folks.
6720	Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the chamber, has long warned that delaying a disaster aid vote until December risks pushing it to January.
6721	Thampi has been in the crosshairs of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) for alleged violation of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) and, in December 2016, was stopped at the Chennai airport and questioned.
6722	“Thankfully, girls are being given the opportunity to participate in sports that maybe they would have never envisioned participating in.”
6723	Thanks HH, this letter is uplifting.
6724	“Thanks to 1871 and Howard Tullman, our students will have an opportunity to learn firsthand from experts who have succeeded as entrepreneurs, and to master best practices now so that they can apply those lessons later in college, career and life.”
6725	“Thanks to the fast action of residents in the residential area, the fire was put out, preventing further damage.
6726	Thanks to the unique teaching style of Matt Sienkiewicz, a professor in both the communication and international studies departments, this is not at all unusual for the Boston College students in his Online Communication and Global Society class.
6727	Thank you for your contributions,” added Reeve Hayden.
6728	"Thank you Mike Brown for that, but just trying to move on and come out here and compete and learn this playbook so we can get our team a win."
6729	“Thank you, Mrs. Obama, for being a strong, smart, independent woman — an activist, a style icon and a great dancer, and showing us all what it would look like if Beyoncé married a much nerdier Jay Z,” he said.
6730	Thank you, our Michael Bennet (D).
6731	Thank you to all the area artists who contributed.
6732	Thank you very much Frank.
6733	Than the new employment policy will further reduce work hours to get all people employed again and receiving salaries.
6734	That according to the Dog Trust’s Stray Dog Survey.
6735	That added grace period will help jump-start the market, even though few recreational permits have been issued throughout the state.
6736	That architectural journalism can be a viable option to professionals today is yet to be realised by students.
6737	That benefit might even expand to people who are perceived as different in other ways, too!
6738	That brings us to the second piece of the Ewing Theory: The Celtics were a completely different team offensively with their star off the court.
6739	That business sits just to the east of the storage facility as part of a mixed-use building.
6740	That can be beneficial, depending on the company.
6741	That changed the morning of the state championships.
6742	That could change a little bit, because this guy can hit you and tackle you.”
6743	That decision had nearly cost us.
6744	That doesn't look very good.
6745	That fact could just as easily mean that a guilty verdict is on the horizon, but the shroud of doubt that will be cast by Cosby’s defense with what little hard evidence the prosecution has is likely to see him go free.
6746	That hasn’t happened since the team won the National League pennant in 1906 and then the World Series in 1907 along with 1908.
6747	That hearing is set for August.
6748	That he is, in this case, the Jive-Talking Black Friend to someone who shouldn't need one, whose own interior monologue should be doing the job of warning him, is part of the film's humor about varying levels of "blackness."
6749	That he leave Yad Vashem knowing that our Jewish story connects all human beings, and that our experiences of suffering can translate into a power for good that serves to honor their life as much as we mourn their death.
6750	That homophobic woman could have easily acquired her bigoted beliefs simply by perusing this website.
6751	That implies that it may be possible to identify volcanoes at highest risk of eruption by looking for those where the magma is most mobile.
6752	That included four 3-pointers.
6753	That includes Bruins legend Bobby Orr, who’s part of the group that owns the club.
6754	That includes James McGary.
6755	That includes the impact of the carbon pricing regime to be phased in at increments of $10 per tonne starting next year, reaching $50 per tonne by 2022.
6756	That information, along with Metro card data, allows them to offer granular information that would help both officials and the public better understand the problems plaguing the subway.
6757	That information was then compared with mortality data from the National Death Index, a centralized database of death record information maintained by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
6758	That is all good material!
6759	That is, a person who does not believe in a static climate.
6760	That is not a conversion, just a shitty bumpfire stock.
6761	That is not our logic,” he told Reuters at the car show.
6762	That isn’t to say the W123 was strictly a luxury car.
6763	That is something that Minnesota struggles with so putting him in that position might be the best case scenario for Murray and the Vikings long term.
6764	That is the million dollar question top of mind of every investor.
6765	That is the perception that if a speaker, for example, is sold separate from a television, it’ll automatically be of a higher quality than anything the television can offer.
6766	That is the reason why the team needs to take a look at some of the big name receivers entering this year’s draft.
6767	That jump ranks 10th alltime in the Tiger team records.
6768	That letter pointed to the preparatory work Government has put in place “to ensure an effective recovery and reconstruction by means of a programmatic approach” as outlined in the interim report from the National Recovery Plan workgroup.
6769	That machine features an 8GB RX 580.
6770	That means bringing a major, and hopefully more, back to Big D. Jordan Spieth’s hometown hosted the U.S. Open once, in 1952, at Northwood Club.
6771	That means it has met the state's consumer protection and cybersecurity standards."
6772	That message orchestration starts in Stouffville, Ont., where he was reportedly set to announce a small business tax cut shortly before noon, effectively returning to a 2015 election promise then failed to deliver on in the government’s first two budgets.
6773	That news conference was one huge olive branch to Trump's racist base.
6774	That one, definitely, I can assure you,” he stated.
6775	“That one is one we don’t want to reach here, but it will,” Henley said.
6776	That, or he’s white.
6777	That person used several different names, including the name Robert „Bob” Evans while he was in New Hampshire.
6778	"That position is a straight forward jacket and must be handed over back to the Women's League."
6779	That prompted Freedhoff to this weary comment: "Sigh, a new sweetener scare."
6780	That puts a damper on the sovereign’s ability to convince the New York-based ratings firm to move at least a notch higher the country’s “Baa2” credit classification at the moment.
6781	That remarkable combination primed her emergence as a stellar and widely respected academic devoted to generating knowledge for enhancing the public good.
6782	That's a deliberate "echo chamber" is created to misinform and keep on bombarding with misinformation until even those not susceptible to this confirmation bias believe it.
6783	That said, Moonlight, which focuses on a young man growing up gay in Miami, is one of the least widely seen best picture winners, trailing the likes of Spotlight ($45 million, domestically ) and Birdman ($42.3 million, domestically).
6784	That said, Muller was a bit miffed to be hearing about Marchionne's comments through the media instead of from CEO himself.
6785	That said, the Expedition was, Ford execs admitted to me, overdue a revamp.
6786	“That’s a regulation, and for it to have the full force of law it would have to be included in the Uniform Code of Military Justice, coupled with the fact that the regulation is poorly drafted, I must say,” Speier explains.
6787	That’s been challenging, because when you’re doing research that nobody’s done and you’re breaking ground like that, you still need to rely on sources that already exist.
6788	That’s despite analysts predicting a slowdown of sales in the U.S. auto market.
6789	That show is based on a true story that the real Andrea did as a blog.
6790	“That’s how it is, so you will understand – this is the land, the Philippines.
6791	That’s how the parliamentary system has always worked.
6792	That’s just one small step on the way toward commercial fusion power, but Tri Alpha says Norman, a fifth-generation device that was built over the course of the past year, will expand upon C-2U’s legacy now that first plasma has been achieved.
6793	That’s just what Roger Ailes gave millions on the other side of the political spectrum.
6794	That’s more like it!
6795	That’s not fully captured in the price-to-income ratio and, as a result, the metric isn’t as “meaningful” when it comes to assessing the market.
6796	"That's not that simple.
6797	That’s partly because the state only has one unit dedicated to the treatment of such inmates, said Beth Mitchell, the supervising attorney for the advocacy group Disability Rights Texas.
6798	That’s probably a higher amount than some of the other guys we’ll look at here, but it should still fit within the Flyers’ budget.
6799	That’s really where my heart’s at.
6800	That’s right – it’s time for the group’s annual radio show performances.
6801	That’s speaks to the challenge Tulane’s defense faces against Bulls dual-threat QB Quinton Flowers, who thrown for 1,118 yards and 10 touchdowns vs. two interceptions and rushed for 475 yards and six TDs.
6802	“That’s the effort, that’s the result that we get.
6803	That's the question high school teacher Ashleigh, 26, asks as she shows off her tiny house in Melbourne, which she built with civil engineer partner Dan, 25.
6804	That’s the word from Rep. Richard Hudson of North Carolina.
6805	“That’s true, but we will have jokes,” said Aaron.
6806	That’s what I said, too.
6807	That’s what my law firm does.”
6808	“That’s what really ended up shaping my program called ‘Dancing Through the Pain,'” she said.
6809	That's when the couple decided to stick a letter out of the mail slot.
6810	That’s when they learned their wives were both in labor.
6811	That’s where the animal rights activists come in, providing some of the movie’s best and most problematic moments.
6812	“That’s where you really get true feedback from the citizens of the town.”
6813	That’s why he gave us houses for K50.
6814	That’s why he was in Charlottesville.
6815	That's why I worry about my safety," he said.
6816	That’s why restaurants don’t usually sell steaks aged so long.
6817	That’s why we’re delaying it, and it really is consistent with the overall Nintendo development philosophy.
6818	That the bill repeals Obamacare’s individual mandate is not a betrayal of her constituents, as some have suggested.
6819	That trophy hunters kill things purely to hang on their walls and brag.
6820	That turned out to be all the Cyclones yielded, as West Virginia didn’t scratch over the final 36 minutes.
6821	That variety, Molyneux said, is an important part of learning.
6822	That was after Heitkamp's December meeting with Trump in New York, where they discussed a potential Cabinet post.
6823	That was a good bit lower than the 300,000 expected.
6824	That was a great sign,” Walker said over the weekend while Portland was in Hartford for a four-game series with the Yard Goats.
6825	That was also the continuing joke in the last film which was a huge hit (by Canadian standards) back in 2006.
6826	That was a surprisingly well written article.
6827	That was based on the average per-acre return north-central Kansas farmers have seen for last 10 years, he said, which included years when farm profits were at record high levels.
6828	That was followed by by an Anniversary Dinner at the Condobolin Sports Club.
6829	“That was his tactic.
6830	That was how mail was delivered then and still is in rural areas.
6831	That was when the former offensive coordinator found out former head coach Jim Mora had been fired and that the team needed Fisch to step in as interim head coach for the remainder of the season.
6832	That way his new teams DC can make him cover the opposing teams best WR and we can see what this blowhard is really made of.
6833	That way, the adult can rapidly report the crime to police.
6834	”That will be our goal, be our expectation.”
6835	That would be very sad,” the cardinal said.
6836	That would include Seattle.
6837	That would match federal grant of $1.7 million.
6838	That would outpace Muslims' population in Syria, which is 93 percent.
6839	That would set catch limits for 17 species and species groups to prevent expansion of commercial fishing in the federal waters of the mid-Atlantic.
6840	The 14-times major champion was back in the public eye for the first time since pleading guilty to a reckless driving charge last month, as a USA vice-captain to Steve Stricker at the Presidents Cup.
6841	The 167,193-square-foot school currently under construction on the campus will accommodate sixth through 12th grades.
6842	The $1.75 million project also includes drainage improvements, and code compliance and accessibility updates.
6843	The 18-year-old student was hospitalized.
6844	The $1 entry fee will benefit Camp Onseyawa, a two-week camp for children with disabilities.
6845	The 1% will get a lot richer and none of that will trickle down to the rest of us, unless you sell yachts or mink coats for a living.
6846	The 2015 Charleston church massacre and the recent Charlottesville attacks reignited controversy within our state, with many Mississippians condemning Confederate monuments and a divisive state banner, the only state flag with a Confederate battle emblem.
6847	The 2016 Anti-Hijacking Act replaces a 1982-vintage law, according to which hijackers could be tried for death penalty only in the event of death of hostages, such as flight crew, passengers and security personnel.
6848	The 2017 Malaysian football season was officially kicked off with the JDT vs Kedah match on Friday, but five more round one matches will be played out on Saturday evening, if the weather allows it that is.
6849	The 2017 World Baseball Classic was filled with Cinderella stories, swagger and the home team bringing home the bling.
6850	The 20-year-old scored four goals in 62 appearance for Genk following his arrival in 2015.
6851	The 20-year-old singer just announced some 2017 tour dates for Europe, New Zealand, and Australia.
6852	The 22-year-old singer abruptly stopped the show and demanded the security team to find the male fan and kick him out of the venue.
6853	The 234th Army Band will perform at a commemorative ceremony for the Doolittle Raiders, which will also feature an F-15 flyover.
6854	The 24-year-old model sported a daring, glittery sheer dress at the London's Fabulous Fund Fair hosted by the Naked Heart Foundation on Tuesday night, February 21.
6855	The 24-year-old songstress was known for her long luscious dark hair, but now she has chopped it off.
6856	The 270 teenagers were pulling and pushing hand carts on a five-mile trek on the first day of a three day outing at Sellar’s Creek Ranch near Bone.
6857	The 29-year-old actress further added that she loves music and if anyone has problem with that then they can go and “love” themselves.
6858	The 29-year-old had never considered a career in acting.
6859	The 29-year-old victim was taken to hospital where she was officially pronounced dead at 4.14am.
6860	The 3,000 mAh battery was said to last a day, but with continuous use of apps that are daily necessities such as social media and delivery apps along with calling, it drains out sooner.
6861	The 30-year-old Ashford-born rider, now based in Keighley, regained his crown after losing out to rival Liam Killeen at Shrewsbury last season.
6862	The 30-year-old made US$7.115 million last season, second only in MLS to Orlando's Kaka (US$7.167 million) and has three years left on his Toronto contact plus an option year.
6863	The 32-year-old is in the form of his life, winning five of the last six races to build up a 66-point advantage over Ferrari’s Sebastian Vettel with three rounds remaining.
6864	The 32-year-old started his career with six wins on the spin but he went down the journeyman route during 2016 with four fights in seven months, losing three of them.
6865	The 33-year-old reinsman, best known as Frankel’s pilot, lifted some eyebrows when he scored at 30-1 aboard Colored Crayon in the fourth race on Thanksgiving Day.
6866	The 4.50 update will also let you pick an in-game screenshot for you home screen background.
6867	“The 45th president,” it said.
6868	The 47-year-old, who was a reviewer for the Village Voice in his 20s and had since published five novels and two non-fiction books, was in, as he puts it, the perennially gloomy mood that is his baseline when writing.
6869	The 5 most scenic places in EuropeEurope has long been considered to be one of the…
6870	The 6ft Irish beauty comes from a family full of musicians and often plays the flute in front of crowds.
6871	The 86's smaller size makes it so much easier to maneuver and park than my usual “practical” sedan.
6872	The 8th Annual Community Easter Egg Hunt will once again assist the Easter Bunny with delivering Easter goodies on Saturday, April 15.
6873	The 9th graders team came home as the Mega Hoop Series June 2017 Gold Bracket Tournament Champions.
6874	The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has decided to contest civic polls in Punjab scheduled later this year “irrespective of Assembly elections results”.
6875	The Aam Admi Party (AAP) began protests against the ruling BJP, which were soon joined by the Congress.
6876	The above 25,027 represents the number of shoe stores in the U.S. available for back-to-school shopping in 2015.
6877	The accident happened near Vernon Road in Isabella Township.
6878	The accompanying tamarind chutney is delicate and as savory as it is sweet — a pleasant departure from the overly sweet versions so often served at Indian restaurants.
6879	“The accuracy of the meter is its limitation.”
6880	The Action will start in June 2017.
6881	“The act is based on a performer from the 1940s named Stanislaus Berent, who had phocomelia, which literally means ‘seal-like limbs’,’’ Fraser explains.
6882	The actor, who plays the lead role of David in the FX show, was attending the San Diego Comic-Con last month when he spoke about the series.
6883	The adaptation will be filmed at the Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank.
6884	The addition of Chrome Custom Tabs seems to be exclusive to the Android app, and even though the iPhone app has been updated to version 5.0 recently, its changelog only shows performance improvements.
6885	The addition of Michael Floyd should bolster the position even more.
6886	The administration did not name the 11 higher-risk countries, but it is believed Saipov’s native Uzbekistan was not one of them.
6887	The administration this week released two orders that greatly expand the number of people targeted for deportation.
6888	The Adobe Fire near Kenwood is 7,955 acres and Pressley Fire east of Rohnert Park is 473 acres with only 1 percent containment.
6889	The advantage is that patients get a more continuous dose, and can control dosage levels more precisely, says Dr. Jason Aldred, co-owner of Northwest Neurological.
6890	The AEWC says on its website that the bowhead whale has been hunted by Native people for thousands of years.
6891	The affected places are Pillaichavady, Chinnakalapet, Periyakalapet.
6892	The Afghan Children’s Society Club at Mount Royal University aims to bring light to the inequality and contrast between the rights of Afghan children and Canadian children.
6893	The Africa Union’s (AU) chief election observer on Thursday morning said so far fewer people appeared to had turned out to vote in Kenya’s election re-run than in August, but cautioned it was too early to draw any conclusions.
6894	The agreement allows Armstrong to sell Pitney Bowes products exclusively in India.
6895	The agreement is subject to TSX Venture Exchange approval and other customary closing conditions.
6896	The AG's office shot down the idea.
6897	The aim behind ordering departmental inquiries is to prevent strict action against members of the nomad community.
6898	The air conditioning load of Mumbai is one third of the total demand for power.
6899	The aircraft carrier USS George Washington is at background right.
6900	The airlines, which already flies as a regional American Airlines carrier, expects to hire more than 400 pilots over the next two years with starting pay that has been increased to $35 an hour.
6901	The AKP aims to approve six items a day in the second round of the debates on the 18-article proposal and expects the whole proposal to be enacted by Jan.
6902	The algorithm could also be programmed to include a priority function, based on different parameters.
6903	The All-American Waters was twice National Goalie of the Year and a National Champion.
6904	The alleged incident happened on the 1000 block of 5th St. NE in Rochester.
6905	The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said it received the news of the death of Jide Tinubu, the son of the former governor of Lagos State and the Party’s National Leader, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, with great shock and grief.
6906	The Alouettes (3-7), third in the East, have now lost three games in a row.
6907	The American Athletic Conference sees itself as one of the major power conferences of college sports.
6908	The American Civil Liberties Union of Alabama called Thompson's decision a "great victory" for women.
6909	The American Psychiatric Association estimates that 2 to 5 percent of the population could be classified as compulsive hoarders, people who suffer from a disorder that impedes their ability to discard things, regardless of value.
6910	The American Red Cross has scheduled a blood drive on Sat., Jan.
6911	The amphibious assault ship Kearsarge was previously in the Atlantic Ocean for training purposes but it returned to Norfolk on Tuesday to stock up on disaster relief supplies and a unit of Marines.
6912	The ANC could not turn around government's challenges without tackling the state capture issue, which was on a national level.
6913	The ANC policy conference called for a presidential commission to be set up, and for its work to be completed before the party's elective conference in December.
6914	The Anderson County Sheriff asks anyone with information on Jones’ whereabouts to call your local law enforcement.
6915	The announcement comes just a couple weeks before Tesla is expected to announce their own version of the all-electric heavy-duty truck.
6916	The Annual American Legion Post 99 Veteran’s Day Parade and Ceremony which will be held on Saturday, November 11 at Max Griffin Park in Foley.
6917	The answer may lie in his past work helping Republicans in electoral map cases, or in some of his views on voting issues.
6918	The answer to this is no, categorically.
6919	The apartments were built to replace older tenements which have suffered damages, having been built in 1962-63 by the Tamil Nadu Housing Board.
6920	The Appeals Court Judge has more than 30 years’ experience in the legal profession and has served as Registrar of the Supreme Court and Chief Magistrate.
6921	The Apple Watch app continues this format, with added emoji and haiku fun as a way to judge international financial market sentiment.
6922	The Arab population resisted the influx of refugees violently, the British capitulated to Arab pressure, and the doors were officially closed on the escaping Jews.
6923	The architectural details often reflected the style of that particular period.
6924	The argument is said to have started on Facebook Messenger and both the men allegedly agreed to fight outside Tidwell's home.
6925	'The army has infringed on the realms of privacy and is falsely claiming that these soldiers committed wrongdoings.'
6926	The arrangement is similar to previous deals where users can purchase goods through Tencent's app and Baidu's search, forum and mapping apps.
6927	THE arrest of four men for car theft by the Durban North SAPS, have yielded positive results.
6928	The artillery force hit Saudi gatherings in the east of al-Rabu'ah, al-Sahn site, Aleb border crossing.
6929	The association was concentrated in sexual minorities, with a 14 per cent reduction in suicide attempts among gay, lesbian and bisexual adolescents.
6930	The asteroid won't get this close to Earth again until after 2500.
6931	The athlete committed to Ohio State.
6932	The attack that took place in Istanbul on New Year’s Eve was a double attack on Islam.
6933	The Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, Interior Minister, Lt. General Abdulrahman Dambazau, retd, had earlier appeared before the committee to state what they knew about Maina’s reinstatement.
6934	The audit also found some former system users still had access rights to the sensitive information more than a month after ending their employment.
6935	The audit report said it was not a result of her involvement with the Peanuts license.
6936	The August figures also contained another promising development: a long-awaited improvement in wage growth.
6937	The Austin family who put the work up for auction thought they just had a print of the work before they had it examined.
6938	The authorities were able to capture images from that video to use for posters and age-progression images.
6939	The authors say the findings “reveal a loose parallel between human vowels” and baboon vocalizations produced in such communications as sounding alarm or calling to copulate.
6940	The author went on to address Grand Bahama’s unemployment rate, a mistruth that has been circulating on social media and needs to be addressed.
6941	The average absolute error for this year’s German election was 1.2%.
6942	The average forward PE for the companies listed above with market caps of $400 million to $700 million is about 13, or 13% higher than Cohu’s valuation.
6943	The bad actors in this case were the Russians.
6944	The bad – the Christians are really assholes today.
6945	The baggage had 12 gold bits weighing 399 grams and worth ₹11 lakh concealed in condensed milk tins.
6946	The ballots themselves did not include the referendum question — it was assumed to be understood.
6947	The ball was spotted right between the hash marks, 56 long yards away from the uprights.
6948	The Baltimore Ravens held a free pre-season practice session for a few thousand local residents decked out in their purple finery.
6949	The band eschews many of the tropes of traditional second wave black metal in favor of a heightened focus on melodicism and punk influence.
6950	The band has birthed created hit singles and sold millions of albums since its debut over 50 years ago.
6951	The Bank also aims to transform 100 villages into 'ICICI Digital Villages' in the coming days to promote India's recent shift towards embracing digital transactions.
6952	The bank forecloses.
6953	The banner reads "Power".
6954	The baseball team will open a four-game series with Creighton on Friday.
6955	The BBC understands Masood had hired the Hyundai SUV in person, giving his profession as a teacher, reports the BBC.
6956	The behavior landed two teenagers behind bars: 17-year-old Edgar Chicas-Hernandez and 19-year-old Victor Gonzalez-Gutierres.
6957	The benefits for farmers include receiving help from up to three interns per year; the interns being exempt from wage requirements and employment security; knowing and ensuring that vital knowledge is being passed on to a new generation of farmers.
6958	The Bengals were the winner of said game four times (2012-13, ‘15-16) and made the playoffs in all but 2016.
6959	The best city and resort hotels have lovely spas that aren’t reserved solely for their guests.
6960	The best example of this tendency would probably be the war in Iraq, which was almost unilaterally lauded, and presented as a conflict of unerring moral necessity.
6961	The Best of the Moving Pixels Podcast: Exploring 'Limbo'
6962	The Best Picture winner was the first of five collaborations between Crowe and Scott.
6963	The best place to sight this will be from a dark location after midnight.
6964	The best state, which was not identified in the report, had less than 9 percent of patients on the drugs in 2013.
6965	The best thing about all of the people mentioned in this article: as of the start of 2017, they’re all still alive, along with countless other icons like Betty White, Neil Patrick Harris, Carol Kane, Dolly Parton, Paul Reubens and Harvey Fierstein.
6966	The better times didn’t come.
6967	The BGLC is offering financial assistance in the amount of $9.5 million to cover the expenses of more than 180 students attending tertiary institutions for the academic year 2017/ 2018.
6968	The Bhutanese were playing a 4-1-4-1 formation, which could have worked well in either of the strategies – attacking and defensive.
6969	The Bidders’ Conference facilitated interaction between the shortlisted Applicants for the ECG Concession and potential local and international investors.
6970	The big focus on rural infrastructure and roads is going to be income accretive to the poorer sections.
6971	The big, heavy tome was awkward to handle in bed, so I didn’t start on it till I got home — but now I think it’s one of the best modern books I’ve read.
6972	The Bille Kingdom is a major oil producing area from Rivers State”.
6973	The bill is designed to close the so-called “dark store” loophole and increase how much mega-retailers pay local communities in property taxes.
6974	The bill is entitled, “A Bill for a Law to Provide for the Management, Protection and Sustainable Development of the Environment in Lagos State and for other Connected Purposes.”
6975	The bill requires mid…
6976	The bill was introduced Aug. 1 by the Assembly Committee on Organization at the request of Walker.
6977	THE Bishop of Manicaland, Dr Julius Makoni, has resigned, amid complaints about his treatment of priests, a payout of $80,000, and his conduct in his personal life.
6978	The BJP has established a clear majority in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, while the Congress took center stage in Punjab.
6979	The BJP National President Amit Shah has asked to convene activities through Sangolli Rayanna Brigade and also to lead the OBC Morcha.
6980	The Blackstone Chamber serves businesses in Uxbridge and Upton.
6981	The blaze was out around 3 p.m., about three hours after it started, and firefighters were still on scene in the mop up stage around 5 p.m.
6982	The Blue Jays hit nine homers in sweeping the Reds.
6983	The board on Monday voted to allow the club to reopen on Friday with the condition they have police detail present at all times for at least the next couple of weeks.
6984	The Bold and the Beautiful spoilers say Nicole will feel like she’s being shoved aside.
6985	The bombing represents Trump’s most dramatic military order since taking office.
6986	The Bong County Senator appealed to his kinsmen, including Chiefs, Elders and Zoes, as well as women and youth groups to continue their support for the Vice President and ensure the recruitment of more voters to support his presidential bid.
6987	The book is the sweetheart letters Will Shank courted Corda Buchanan with, and to which she faithfully responded.
6988	The books will be published outside the U.K. as well, and you can expect a U.S. distributor to jump on that documentary quicker than you can say "Accio!"
6989	The boys and the parents were elated.
6990	The boys are good.
6991	The boys in her class had initiated her into their social media circles.
6992	The boy, the only witness to testify during the hearing, took questions from Jones and Deputy District Attorney Chelsey Jackman, in a mostly empty courtroom.
6993	The Bragi Dash Truly Wireless Smart Earphones are far more than your run of the mill Bluetooth earbuds.
6994	The brain imaging study, in which people were asked to smell cheddar, goats’ cheese and gruyère while lying in an MRI scanner, pinpointed a region called the basal ganglia as the neural epicentre of cheese disgust.
6995	The breeding of two distinct parent species gave rise to a new lineage (termed “Big Bird” by the researchers).
6996	The British Finance Minister Phillip Hammond has painted a downbeat picture of the UK economy as he delivered his budget statement to Parliament on Thursday.
6997	The British Foreign Affairs Committee report released in September 2016 on the Libyan intervention concluded that, “Intelligence on the extent to which extremist militant Islamist elements were involved in the anti-Gaddafi rebellion was inadequate.”
6998	“The British government’s reckless Brexit agenda offers nothing to the people of the north who are being dragged out against our will.
6999	The brother of Backstreet Boys singer Nick Carter, Aaron became famous in his own right, mainly for his 2000 hit, "I Want Candy."
7000	The budget includes $1.3 million for those four projects in 2018.
7001	“The budgets are much smaller on an indie level, but the opportunity and risk versus reward is better, because we’re more of the explorers of the landscape.”
7002	The builder is Comstock Homes, based in El Segundo; sales are being coordinated by the Riser Group, based in Alamo.
7003	The building’s architect, Kevin Roche, even won the competition to design it after his own boss, Eero Sarinen, died suddenly of a brain tumor.
7004	The buildings stand as an example of the combined imagination and creativity of Sir John Meade, who as the acting Commissioner of Mysore State conceptualised the park, and Richard Sankey, who was the architect,” said Mr. Modi.
7005	The business already buys this way.
7006	The business also issued a statement Monday saying in part “Eyecare Express Castleton offers its kindest thanks to all of its employees and loyal customers.
7007	The business had revenue of $124.70 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $122.45 million.
7008	The business had revenue of $79.64 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $74.46 million.
7009	The business had revenue of $8.36 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.29 billion.
7010	The business is scheduled to announce its next earnings results after the market closes on Thursday, April 27th.
7011	The cabin is filled with high-tech features, including a laptop computer-sized touchscreen to operate most vehicle functions.
7012	The CAC 40 in France added 0.3 percent.
7013	The Calgary Eyeopener did some investigating on Bowhay's behalf.
7014	The call for removal comes after the Afghan government signed a peace deal with HIA.
7015	The call for the abolition of the discrimination has continued to gain momentum.
7016	The campaign pledge of the ruling NPP to provide free SHS with boarding and other components is probably on course but the debate continues on how best this noble venture can be funded.
7017	The Canadian Armed Forces will get 5,000 new troops and an extra $13.9 billion in annual funding within 10 years under a federal plan released Wednesday.
7018	The Capital Grille opens for lunch and dinner on Monday, September 18.
7019	The cardinal announced the initiatives on the 49th anniversary of the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
7020	The Cardinals’ first selection now will be No. 94; clearly, they’ve lost the meat of their draft.
7021	The cards are not popular with agencies that help the poor and homeless.
7022	The car has been found abandoned on La Vista Avenue, Clontarf.
7023	The carousel is always a popular attraction.
7024	The carrier consists of 3 layers an adhesive layer, the color layer, and a final varnish layer.
7025	The Carroll County Auditor’s Office was briefly overrun with Carroll Athletic Field Levy supporters Thursday morning in an effort by supporters to promote early voting.
7026	The Carrollton Evening Sertoma will once again host the Carrollton People’s Parade on Tuesday, July 4, 2017 beginning at 10:00 a.m. The parade route will begin at Dairy Queen and end at Robinson Salvage (former K-Mart building.
7027	The car was stolen in the Lower Mainland.
7028	The Cascade County Sheriff/Coroner’s Office said on Thursday that the name of the woman will not be released until positive identification has been made.
7029	The case of a British Columbia man found not criminally responsible for killing his three children because of a mental illness is up for review, two years after a provincial board opened the door to him receiving supervised day trips.
7030	The Catalan president says the regional parliament will be carrying out in the next days the mandate to declare independence in the light of the “yes” victory in the referendum.
7031	The categorized property crimes, such as ‘…robbery, kidnapping and carjacking,’ are usually associated with moderate to extreme violence.
7032	The Cavaliers turned the tables in front of the Golden State fans in Game 7 last year, winning the decider 93-89.
7033	The C.B.O. analysis assumed the continued existence of the A.C.A.’s provision guaranteeing coverage to individuals with pre-existing conditions, which Trump has indicated he would like to keep intact.
7034	The CBO's reputation among the public and the media may be strong, but its track record in providing accurate estimates to Congress leaves much to be desired.
7035	The C by GE teams tells me this is about the equivalent of a 60-watt bulb inside a lampshade, but a lampshade directs the light from the bulb it surrounds.
7036	The Center for Western Priorities is not aware of any anti-monument groups engaged in similar comment bundling ahead of the Friday deadline.
7037	The center of gravity for developments on the Cyprus issue is moving to New York with the next moves expected to unfold at the United Nations headquarters.
7038	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is predicting that this year will be a bad one on the mainland, and will be at its worst by Christmas.
7039	The ceremony and that Celtic tying of the knot were so beautiful.
7040	The ceremony was held in Saint Ann’s church, which is the same church the father and mother of the bride got married in 34 years ago.
7041	The CFPB may be ready to implement the rule and the impacts on both borrowers and lenders could be devastating.
7042	The chair was presented to Mugabe at a private function held at State House, before the report went viral amid speculation that he was now wheelchair-bound.
7043	The challenge is that they are given so much money per day, so banks reduce the daily limit so that they are able to serve more customers," added Ambrose.
7044	“The Chamber has been very beneficial to Chaffee Crossing, but at this time, we’re starting to wind down, and we felt like the $10,000 was a strong commitment.
7045	The chancellors who led the Council in previous years were John A. White and David Gearhart.
7046	The chance of a eurosceptic party coming to power in the Netherlands is seen as small but a strong election performance could fuel speculation of a surprise result in French presidential elections in April and May.
7047	The charges come after the deaths of Tonya Busbee, 34, and Rhianna Busbee, 13, on March 29. The crash occurred around 8:30 a.m. on County Road 813.
7048	The charges were filed Aug. 24 and he was taken to jail Sept. 19 when Magisterial District Judge Alexandra Kokura Kravitz, Pittston, set bail at $5,000.
7049	The chase would bring officers from several jurisdictions into it those would include; Tallapoosa County Sheriff’s Department, Chambers County Sheriff’s Department, Camp Hill Police, Jackson Gap Police, Dadeville Police, and others.
7050	The Chatsworth Flower Show, an annual event that will now sit alongside the one in Chelsea, was unveiled by the RHS today, on the Duke of Devonshire’s estate.
7051	The Chief Medical Director, University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital, Prof. Aaron Ojule, also offered myself and 24 of my other colleagues immediate placement for internship.
7052	The Chief Press Secretary to the Senate President, Sanni Onogu, later told journalists that Saraki had summoned the National Assembly management to a meeting on the matter.
7053	The Chiefs will also need approximately that same amount to sign their draft class, which means the Chiefs are likely going to need to release someone unexpectedly or restructure the contract of a player or two.
7054	“The Child Act includes ‘parental planning’.
7055	The Child Protection Act applies to cases when there’s clear evidence of child abuse or neglect, but a special legislative commission hopes to introduce a middle step between unfounded and founded reports of abuse.
7056	The children were denied exit visas and she died alone.
7057	The child suffered bleeding to the brain and five skull fractures.
7058	The child was found at an apartment building on West Main Street around 5:40 a.m.
7059	“The chord progression is the most common one of the last 20 years: It’s what Marc Hirsh called the ‘sensitive female chord progression’ in 2008,” Reed told me.
7060	The Church does not stand at this place with any claim of superiority.
7061	The church parish had adopted Mohammed’s family, with church members donating furniture, appliances, cash gift cards and a sewing machine since the teen’s mother had worked before as a seamstress.
7062	The circumstances that led to the boy getting hit by the train are under investigation.
7063	The citation that Hashmi was given lauded her work in Gujarat after the 2002 riots and also in Kashmir.
7064	The city-based State government cooperative institution has launched the novel tour from the capital city to Kochi.
7065	The city council has approved nearly $300 million in settlements related to LAPD cases over about the last 12 years.
7066	The City Council won’t decide that until a week from Monday.
7067	The city is also the political centre where crime thrives on power play.
7068	The City is also working toward solutions in order minimize or prevent this type of flooding in these areas in the long term.
7069	The City of Bartlesville will have it's opportunity to celebrate one of the greater inventions in October.
7070	The City of Lloydminster will be looking at how their public tenders are posted.
7071	The City of Marysville has a lot of salt, and may soon pass some of its excess supply to Jerome Township.
7072	The City of St. John's notifies residents of some neighbourhoods that snowclearing will be taking place on certain days to give them time to move their vehicles.
7073	The city said it didn’t have figures available for exactly how much the lot cost, but the old interim sites, with similar services, cost about $5,300 a month.
7074	"The city's heart was in the right place, but they just did not execute it well at all."
7075	The city with the lowest rent listed on its Top-100 was Toledo, Ohio, at $460 for a one-bedroom and $580 for a two-bedroom unit.
7076	The claims were brought against the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
7077	The Classic set is the perfect complement to other Lego sets but is just as fun on its own!
7078	The clerk who was cut on the right hand was treated at the scene by Forsyth County EMS.
7079	The clever part of all this is that the cards are sent to countries outside of the issuing bank's operating region.
7080	The clock on this 10-day period starts from the time you receive a copy of the fully signed purchase and sale agreement or the disclosure statement, whichever comes later.
7081	The clock tower was fully restored before being put back as the hotel’s iconic centrepiece.
7082	The closing dates of the Ottawa stores have not been announced yet.
7083	The closure is near Exit 28 on I-91 North.
7084	The closure is of the abrupt and surprising variety, as the restaurant made no formal announcement besides ceasing to do business.
7085	“The club did not inform me about this and for this reason it can be only speculation,” he said on the latter.
7086	The club’s mission statement will include elements such as “patriotism, preservation of American citizens before immigrants, and the promotion of morals and values that we see fit to furthering America,” according to Brown.
7087	The CM paid his tribute to Lok Nayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birthday and said the national political parties are on the run of working exactly opposite of the democratic values for which the great freedom fighter had fought during his lifetime.
7088	The Code is implemented by the IBBI.
7089	The co-head of the Writing Center Awards, Isabella Perera (SFS ’19), said the awards are also a chance to encourage all students of all skillsets and abilities to use Writing Center resources.
7090	The coil springs provide support to the vehicle weight and tend to absorb vibrations and noise when the vehicle is in contact with the road, thus reducing the shocks from affecting the passengers.
7091	The "Cold Water" hitmaker made a sad face as he sat in the passenger seat of a car.
7092	The Collaborative Cos. of Boston has been named sales and marketing agent.
7093	The collective shock felt by members of Hollywood in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal has now turned to rage, and calls for the mogul and those who aided him to be punished for their actions.
7094	The colourful ceremony was preceded by a procession in which the utsav idols of Lord Rama, His consort Sita and brother Lakshmana were brought to the venue and seated on the throne amid the chanting of sacred hymns.
7095	The combo of spinach, grilled chicken, feta, chickpeas, kalamata olives, cucumber, onion and sundried tomatoes has been our go-to lunch for years, but something about it rubbed me the wrong way during my first trimester.
7096	The Commander confirmed that Danian Jagdeo was shot three times.
7097	The Commission Against Corruption (CCAC) has already begun an investigation into the Meteorological and Geophysical Bureau (SMG) and its former chief, Fong Soi Kun, over its typhoon preparations and management strategy.
7098	The commissioner also noted that he has increased the size of the police Immediate Response Unit (Task Force), which he said is the only group of officers authorised to be armed 24 hours a day.
7099	The Commission further added that “a timetable and schedule of activities pursuant to the petition will be issued shortly.”
7100	The commission ramped up its assault on Monday with action on three different fronts.
7101	The committee also has begun a governmentwide investigation into travel by top political appointees.
7102	The committee is expected to implement far-reaching policies that will eradicate touting and curb bribery, among others by critical stakeholders in the sector.
7103	The committee on infractions concluded that Boxill, who was also a professor in the school's philosophy department, had offered a "consistent level of assistance to all students."
7104	The committee, which is investigating Trump’s claims, is reviewing the documents and plans to issue a statement later Friday, a committee source told CNN.
7105	The commonwealth had no evidence to show that she was intoxicated during the investigation, Richards said.
7106	The Commonwealth Office at first proposed to support this decision on the grounds that Col Ojukwu was in de facto control of the oilfields.
7107	The community picnic went on until dark with vendors and a live band!
7108	The Company believes these events are not indicative of a change in asset quality trends or general deterioration in the loan portfolio.
7109	The company claims the 2016 assessment imposed on the property is at least excessive by $51,829.80, the amount Menard, Inc is seeking as a refund, plus interest and attorney fees.
7110	The Company expects to proceed with the closing of the second and final tranche shortly for up to a maximum of 7.5 million additional units at a price of $0.04 per unit ($300,000).
7111	The company gives pharmacists a break on the royalties they pay to compensate for higher costs associated with the dispensing of more expensive drugs, incentives to renovate their locations and to offset the impact of regulatory changes.
7112	The company had a trading volume of 3,915,477 shares.
7113	The company has categorised the smartphones depending on the data offered with the smartphone.
7114	The company is believed to be working on the spiritual successor to its popular lineup of Aibo robot dogs that the company released back in the late ’90s and the 2000s.
7115	The company is now diversifying its electric powertrains, he underscored, with "multiple fuel and energy sources to meet different market and customer needs."
7116	The company launched its Center for Inclusive Growth, an independent subsidiary, in 2013.
7117	The company managed to achieve a 7% operating margin, in-line with its FY17 goal of reaching 7% margins and substantially higher than 3Q16's 4.6% margin.
7118	The company now employs 900 workers.
7119	The Company operates through two segments: Banking and Non-Banking.
7120	The company posted 38% EPS growth in its most recent report, while sales growth came in at 18%.
7121	The company put down an initial $2 million for the fund that can be matched in donations from employees, for a total goal of $4 million.
7122	The company’s 50 day moving average price is $75.47 and its 200-day moving average price is $72.60.
7123	The company said it had received four reports of engine compartment fires in the United States and at least one in Canada, in areas that use significant amounts of road salt during the winter.
7124	The company said Thursday that all necessary approvals have been received for the project, which is expected to take 18 to 20 months to complete.
7125	The company’s argument is that the value-add for a completely new aspect ratio still hasn’t been demonstrated, though it concedes that its stance might change over time if app design embraces taller, thinner phones.
7126	The company showed 11% EPS growth last quarter, while sales growth came in at 1%.
7127	The company’s market capitalization is GBX 57.79 billion.
7128	The company’s name will be on the Springboks’ playing jersey from Saturday when the national team takes on France in the first of three Test matches at Loftus.
7129	The company’s primary gross profit source is switching from hardware sales to its platform, mainly around advertising and subscription revenue.
7130	The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,251,690 shares.
7131	The Company’s Technical Lead and associated group works to understand the science and/or technology behind the patents of a particular portfolio, under the review of the Legal Lead and in support of the Business team.
7132	The company which was offering the security services is Lingangane Protection Services (PTY) Limited.
7133	The competition started off with the Terry Grant show opener, right after that the moving motor show for both Rear Wheel Drive (RWD) and All Wheel Drive (AWD) respectively.
7134	The competition was a search for effective ways to tell stories in a new medium.
7135	The competition was originally conceived in 2013 by Yariv Cohen and wife Angela Homsi―who became engaged in Rwanda’s tech scene through impact investment firm Kaenaat and the Ignite Power Solar initiative.
7136	The complaint in the case was filed by a 20-year-old student, Arnab Sarkar, who is a member of Hindu Samhati.
7137	The complex is one of many modern apartment buildings in the Hollywood area.
7138	The concept of low-level cosmic radiation in our atmosphere is nothing new: Every time we fly, we get a slightly higher dose that is largely harmless, even for pregnant women and their unborn fetuses.
7139	The condition is also associated with autoimmune disorders, such as those affecting the thyroid and adrenal glands, according to the American Society for Reproductive Medicine (ASRM).
7140	The condition is thought to affect about five per cent of the adult population to some degree, with 250,000 Britons suffering what is deemed a severe form of it.
7141	The condo overlooks Madison Square Park and comes with 11-foot-tall ceilings, and a large terrace that’s connected to all three bedrooms in the apartment.
7142	The congressman was greeted with an auditorium full of boos.
7143	The connection continues.
7144	The Conservatives have selected their candidate to try to unseat Labour frontbencher Jon Ashworth in Leicester South.
7145	The Consumer Product Safety Commission says anyone who owns a recalled stroller should stop using it immediately and contact Delta for a free repair.
7146	The contract broke the key resistance level of ₹130a kg and marked a high of ₹134.4 on Thursday.
7147	The coordinator assured everyone who registered for the Edo jobs initiative of opportunities to be trained, empowered or exposed to job services.
7148	The corrosion of norms and values began long before he propelled the nation past the edge, and his own party is broadly complicit in enabling his attacks on truth, decency and democratic values.
7149	The Cost of the Trades.
7150	The council also will be asked to approve its portion of a contract with Oberlander Electric Co. to replace and upgrade runway lighting at Pekin Municipal Airport.
7151	Th e council implemented a 60-day National Action Plan on Ease of Doing Business and was able to tackle some of the critical bottlenecks and bureaucratic constraints that had hitherto defi ned the ordeal of doing business in Nigeria.
7152	The Council said that in recent months it had “intensified its actions” to deal with abandoned vehicles on the land as it remains vacant.
7153	The countries in the ban list are Syria, Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Libya, Yemen and Somalia.
7154	The country star has just released the first video from her upcoming LP, Now, which drops Sept. 29.
7155	The couple made their home in Fairmont, MN where she worked as bookkeeper for 3M.
7156	The couple returned to court Thursday to explain, and were granted the court appointed defense attorneys, which means taxpayers will pay for…
7157	The couple shares two children, daughter Maxwell Drew Johnson, and son Ace Knute Johnson.
7158	The couples said they wish they had started CPAP treatment sooner and that being patient with each other while starting the long-term treatment and adjusting to a new routine were key pieces of advice.
7159	The couple were at their cottage in Upper Kennetcook, which is about an hour away from Middle Sackville, when the fire broke out.
7160	The court also acceded to a request made by by K. Venkatesham, a SIT member, to recuse him from the SIT as he has been appointed the Police Commissioner of Nagpur and wanted to fully devote his time to his police duties.
7161	The court also decided to release four other activists from custody pending the outcome of a trial, but barred them from traveling abroad and ordered them to report regularly to police.
7162	The court heard Mr Westley got into a car and drove to where Mrs Cilliers had fallen.
7163	The cowboy thinks for a minute and says, “I obeyed my parents, well most of the time I did.
7164	The crashes were reported at 1:20 p.m. and involved at least three trucks, according to initial reports.
7165	The creamy tomato soup from is paleo, low-sodium, low-fat, and vegan.
7166	The Cree Indian Running Thunder Dancers from Canada was one of the troupes that performed at the 2017 Cama-i Dance Festival.
7167	The crew met a piece of floating plastic and began catching fish around it, Allick told iWitness News, adding that they caught dolphin fish (mahi-mahi), king fish, tuna, and amber crevalle.
7168	The crowd murmurs their approval.
7169	The Crown Prosecution Service also decided against bringing criminal charges.
7170	The Cubs lead the series 2-1 and will turn to right-hander Jake Arrieta.
7171	The currency that the Palestinians use in making these commitments is nothing more than promises, mere words.
7172	The curtain raising fixture, a 4-0 thumping of West Ham, displayed the kind of dominance that we haven’t seen since the Sir Alex Ferguson era.
7173	The daily also published a photo of the man, who French investigative authorities have put on an international wanted list on suspicion of murdering Narumi Kurosaki.
7174	The Dallas Cowboys are now the world's most valuable sports franchise, but things weren't always so great for "America's Team."
7175	The Dallas International Film Festival, which includes screenings of Asian films, will be at several theaters and Dallas City Performance Hall.
7176	The dangerous thing about violence is that it escalates.
7177	The dark age of celebrity parents monetizing their cherubic children dawned many years before the scourge of selfies, social media and smart phones.
7178	The dark side of this issue is, of course, that people are terrible.
7179	The day after the storm hit, Townsend and his family packed a few bags and loaded into their vehicle, driving a few miles through 4 feet of water and debris to reach the university.
7180	The day Pakistan recognises Afghanistan as a sovereign and independent country in practice (not just in words) there will be a dramatic change in Pak-Afghan relations.
7181	"The days of the $300,000 two-bedroom units are gone," said Alan Lev, chief executive of Belgravia Group.
7182	The death toll from recent clashes between protestors and military police has topped 100 and President Nicolas Maduro now seeks a rewriting of the constitution as a way to throw up the barricades.
7183	The deceased was living at his aunt’s house in a coastal resort near Banjul, when he dog, which had not bitten anyone before attack him.
7184	The decision to close the school at the conclusion of classes today was made on the advice of Dr. George Linn, county health commissioner.
7185	The defeat of the Islamic State group in Syria could increase tensions between forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the Kurdish-dominated Syrian Democratic Forces, says FRANCE 24 reporter James André.
7186	The defender’s future at Middlesbrough will become clearer when they appoint a new manager in the next few weeks.
7187	The deflated footballs were serious business.
7188	The delegation would then use their findings back in Burma to improve the efficiency and patriotism of their own army.
7189	“The Democrats are energized and organized.
7190	The Department of Defense said it had coordinated with Somalia’s government to orchestrate the strike.
7191	The Department of Land and Natural Resources will host a public information meeting regarding sea level rise vulnerability and adaptation on Thursday, March 23, 2017.
7192	The Dibenzo(a,l)pyren market report analyses annual estimations and forecasts for the period 2012 through 2022.
7193	The difference between runway and taxiway lighting is significant yet this was not recognised by the flight crew.
7194	The difference with ash trees is that darn emerald ash borer is a bug, not a fungus.
7195	The diplomatic relations between the two countries were established in 1992.
7196	The directions it gives for marriage are simple, and you can remember them with three rhyming words—leave, cleave and weave.
7197	The disaster recovery centers set up to help home and business owners apply for state and federal help following severe September flooding are consolidating.
7198	The discovery of the planets in the TRAPPIST-1 system means that Webb will be able to use its immense capabilities on a relatively nearby system.
7199	The discrepancies go on.
7200	The display is of 12.2 inches, which is perfect considering the utility of the convertible laptop.
7201	The dispute stems from the lack of bathroom facilities and running water for vendors and tourists who respectively work and patronise the businesses located there.
7202	The district attorney’s office says users of the drug can become erratic and aggressive.
7203	The district became an independent district in 1984 and Veeramangai Velu Nachiyar, the first Indian queen who fought against the British, hailed from the district, he said.
7204	The district has partnered with Kent State University at Stark to provide more college-level courses on campus.
7205	The District Veterinary Centre of the Animal Husbandry Department, Thrissur, had sent samples like vesicles and serum for confirmation to the SRDDL (Southern Regional Disease Diagnostic Laboratory), Bengaluru.
7206	The division says investigators found a bullet lodged in one of the cougar’s limbs and the animal’s head had been severed off “with the aid of a sharp instrument.”
7207	"The DOC failed to conduct any meaningful investigation into the allegations.
7208	The doctor also noted that the accused man’s parents had said he showed little or any remorse for his sister.
7209	The document, obtained by the Mail on Sunday, warned there was a risk the vote share would end up "broadly similar" to that achieved by David Cameron in 2015 when he won a narrow victory, rather than the landslide sought by Mrs May.
7210	The dog could not be saved.
7211	The dog grabbed him by the arm and he was arrested after a brief struggle.
7212	The dollar was another winner, progressing against the euro and other major currencies following the report, which was seen as good enough to keep the Federal Reserve on track to continue to raise interest rates.
7213	The Dolphins were already having an awful day against the Jets.
7214	The donations means Woodside can continue rescuing animals and offer those felines who have a harder time finding a home a place where they can be medicated and looked after properly.
7215	The doors open at 10 this morning with sales until 2 p.m. or sold out.
7216	"The doves are loud today," Roach says under his breath, glancing over his shoulder at their enclosure.
7217	The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.78 per cent, the S&P 500 lost 0.86 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 1.44 per cent.
7218	The Dow Jones industrial average gained 112 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 19,912.
7219	The Drillers, who are in the hunt for a league title, must get past Stockdale on Friday night.
7220	The drip and headache lasted for days.
7221	The Drive Copy module is useful if you want to migrate your drive (or drive contents) to another computer or external drive.
7222	The drive in. Everybody Has An Andy Dick Story.
7223	The driver, a 61-year-old Hazel Park woman, stopped at the scene and was questioned by police.
7224	The driver fled the scene while Charlton was being tended to by Good Samaritans.
7225	The driver of a 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee escaped injury Monday morning, when he stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake, causing the SUV to strike a pickup and a Subway sandwich shop, in Glenwood.
7226	The driver “tried to rape her and when she resisted he strangled her… took her wallet and threw her in a dumpster,” according to a security official.
7227	The drug has been approved for use in pregnant women but only for a short duration of time.
7228	“The DSM 5 2013 suggests that the seasonal specifier of depression does not apply to situations where the depressive symptoms could be better explained by seasonally linked psychosocial factors or stressors.
7229	The dualisation is part of a project linking Plumtree and Mutare.
7230	The duo is accused of handcuffing Pius Ebucu and his wife before robbing them of Shs3m and other personal effects such as clothes.
7231	The duo is preparing for their potential record breaking moment.
7232	The duo wore matching outfits for their romantic outing.
7233	The Dutchman, who played for the Gunners between 1997 to 2000 before leaving for Barcelona, is currently director of football at Ajax and was believed to be one of the leading candidates should the Arsenal board decide they wanted to create the position.
7234	The dynaCERT team has been working very hard as we continue to grow and venture into uncharted waters.”
7235	The EA executive goes on to say that development on the game will now be taken over by “a development team from across EA Worldwide Studios.”
7236	The early end of "Wisdom of the Crowd" coincides with the network's investigation into a number of allegations of sexual harassment that have been levied against Piven in recent weeks.
7237	The East tournament could be more challenging because more ranked teams are at that one.
7238	The economic sanctions on Russia for annexing Crimea and fomenting rebellion in eastern Ukraine have accomplished nothing, but the New York deal-maker can’t politically ease them.
7239	The economist is on a mission to send his new book TRUMPED!
7240	The editor of the paper was Mark Chavunduka.
7241	The EFCC boss, while commending Adiya over his appointment as the managing director of PPMC described the sector as ‘critical’ to the country’s economy.
7242	The effort should be to create genuine reconciliation and unity.
7243	The eight single-family lots are to the right, the two 5-unit “manor homes” are along Briarwood Road at bottom, and the townhomes to the left are fronting North Druid Hills Road.
7244	The eight-stage party features big names such as Don Bronco, Bowling for Soup, Less Than Jake, Reel Big Fish, Cute Is What We Aim For and We The Kings.
7245	The electorate expects governance to follow from elections, and Pyrrhic victories at the expense of civil debate are not what the people want in 2018.
7246	The eligibility threshold has been increased from $210,000 under the 2014 MBA to $275,000 starting May 2, 2018 ($280,500 starting May 2, 2019) for most programs, and to $250,000 and under starting May 2, 2018, for writers working on children’s programs.
7247	The emergency rule was imposed soon after an attempted coup on 15 July last year…
7248	The encryption techniques used by WhatsApp and similar services should be protected at all costs, Sir Tim Berners-Lee has said as he was awarded the 'Nobel Prize' in computing.
7249	The enemy will also attempt to lead you to believe “what is, isn’t, and what isn’t, is,” referring specifically into the argument that an unborn baby is not a person.
7250	The enfarage wanted the Trump strategist Steve Bannon; they got the Cameron strategist Steve Hilton.
7251	The England international has scored 13 goals in 12 games across all competitions this season and is relishing the chance to continue his exploits in upcoming matches, starting with a trip to United in the league on Saturday.
7252	The England lock missed the autumn internationals last season following an operation on his left ankle.
7253	The English are brave, honest and aggressive, and the good ones want to add to their game."
7254	The enormous growth of induction cooktop and electric cooker market is formed by its functionality, technology, energy efficiency and aesthetics.
7255	The enterprising box-to-box midfielder who had a difficult season with Mauves in the just ended season by scoring just a goal in over 23 appearances is determined to exit the Tarkwa-based club.
7256	The entire above activity happens devoid of the end-user knowing anything till 5 minutes are passed when he's asked to load an application or update it.
7257	The entire campus is run on green energy from a solar system.
7258	“The entire site will be closed to the public,” including the basketball court, Cote said.
7259	“The entire staff here has been absolutely marvelous,” Luker said.
7260	The entry is free and inclusiveness of every community is what Abul Khair, Chairman of the Bengal Foundation (presenters of the festival), is aiming at.
7261	The EPA’s legal rationale for CPP was suspect from the start.
7262	The era of strategic patience is over.”
7263	The establishment of the Islamic ¬finance industry in Sri Lanka and its acceptance by the country’s legislative, regulatory and fi¬scal authorities is an outcome of the pivotal role played by Amãna.
7264	The EU is also looking forward to strengthening its relations with The Gambia in the fields of migration and economic development and in particular support to youth employment.
7265	The evacuation of civilians and rebels ultimately proceeded, haltingly, only after Russia, Turkey, and Iran struck a deal.
7266	The evening cultural program included classical dance presentation by students of Kalangan School of Oddissi dance and Abhinaya School of Performing Arts.
7267	The evening will also include a pumpkin decorating contest with the announcement of the winner at 7:30 p.m. A live fire-eating performance will then follow.
7268	The event addressed topics that impact women in the workplace, like personal development, career advancement and money management.
7269	The event begins at 9 a.m. at the Alan A. Lewis Primary School, 805 Mount Vernon Hwy. To RSVP, call 404-303-2150, ext. 276 or email kay.
7270	The event benefits the nonprofit River’s Edge Academy and goes from 10 a.m. until 4 p.m. Tickets are $15.
7271	The event is a good opportunity for young anglers to fish a lake that is well stocked with catfish which are typically easy to catch.
7272	The event is a great opportunity to let interested people know about the challenging, rewarding and unique work participants do or once did.
7273	The event organiser was FIFA.
7274	The event, which is expected to commence at 12 Noon, will see competition in football, cricket, netball, volleyball, rounders, basketball and athletics amongst the top villages representing the eight (8) districts on island.
7275	The event will take place 4-6 p.m. Thursday, Nov. 2 at The Woodlands Club, 39 Woods Road in Falmouth.
7276	The Evil of the State and Its Friends2 of a Kind?
7277	The exact cause of the involuntary movement is unknown, but it may be triggered by things such as stress, stimulant medications or too much caffeine.
7278	The executive order also made waivers available for a foreign national seeking to enter the United States to resume work or study, visit a spouse, child or parent who is a US citizen, or for "significant business or professional obligations."
7279	The ex-Gamtel FC front-man is on two goals in five out of the six league matches he'd gotten to play in so far.
7280	The exhibition magnifies the traditional understanding of hyperrealism beyond the illusion of ultra-realistic human skin by inviting visitors to experience digital simulations, online existence, and virtual reality.
7281	The existing pump station, constructed in 1934, provides water to local industry and municipal customers in Orange and Newton County.
7282	The existing Scoopy scooter of Honda is a fun scooter in foreign markets with a 50cc fuel-injection engine.
7283	The expansion of educational institutions and health centres side by side the sugar industries eases their struggle to get the services.
7284	The experienced central defender has signed a two-year deal at Pride Park, with the option of a third.
7285	"The fact is that land in the country is very scarce.
7286	The facts by her own account are Lewinsky wanted to have sex with Bill and pursued him.
7287	The fact that fraternities and sororities are tax exempt is the kicker.
7288	“The fact that Jennifer is scoring such amazing talent to be on her team drives Blake insane.
7289	“The Fairfax Group is only a financial investor and has never operated or maintained any international airport.
7290	The family extends appreciation to the exceptional medical team at San Angelo Community Medical Center, and thanks Kendred Hospice and Visiting Angels home care for their caring and support.
7291	The family has said that Saunders, who is a prominent activist for Aboriginal women, was initially told that she didn't meet criteria for a transplant because she drank within the last six months before she fell ill.
7292	The family of an Irish man shot dead in Canada have said they are "devastated" at his loss.
7293	The family said they were grateful the investigation was "moving at pace".
7294	The family said they will honor their ray of sunshine in the best way they know how.
7295	The family welcomes floral tributes in honor of Lukas Mateo to be sent directly to the church.
7296	The farmer asked his son to hold the rock while he hit it with a hammer.
7297	The “FAST Act,” which stands for Fairness, Accountability, Simplification and Transparency, is one of the priorities Senate Republican leaders have set for this year’s General Assembly session.
7298	The Fast Car Lane recently posted a video, in which it pitted the 200-horsepower Bolt against the 210-horsepower GTI, one of the true hot-hatch benchmarks.
7299	“The F.B.I. file, you should read that,” she said.
7300	The FBI has said that cybercriminals earned more than $200 million from businesses and institutions in extortion schemes during the first three months of 2016.
7301	The FBI’s counterintelligence agents listen to calls all the time that do not pertain to any open investigation, current and former law enforcement officials said.
7302	The Federal Reserve Bank, the nation’s central bank, regulates commercial banks.
7303	The Feldman scenario is clearly premised on the Democrats winning back at least the House of Representatives in next year’s midterm elections.
7304	“The festival fosters an appreciation for the traditions of Americans of Japanese ancestry, especially hanami, or the viewing of flowers in the springtime,” Ige said.
7305	The festival is a showcase for feature and short films from all over the world.
7306	The festival opens with a U.S. premiere of Schwartz’s String Quartet No. 3, “Portrait for Deedee,” his last major work before he died.
7307	The festival runs Sept. 7-17.
7308	“The few countries that can wield their own sovereignty can take things into their own hands.
7309	“The fight has just begun and I know the truth will prevail.
7310	The film focuses on an 11-year-old boy's obsession with his mother.
7311	The film follows her as she embraces the struggle and tries to make it.
7312	The filmmakers also released a short film, related in concept but not in narrative to the feature, titled The Black: Infected, you can watch it here.
7313	The film ultimately serves as a counterpoint to the classic Hollywood moral of “Believe in yourself, and you can achieve anything!”
7314	The film will be set in 1935 during London’s Great Depression, 20 years after the original, reports dailymail.
7315	The final date has passed for submissions.
7316	The final paving might have to be done in the spring of 2019.
7317	The final six episodes are coming in 2018.
7318	The financial angle comes in for those who want to reverse the curse, which is as simple as raiding the piggy bank or couch crevices for a few pennies.
7319	The finding illustrates that although the district is a majority-minority district of Asian Americans, the Asian-American community is not a monolithic voting bloc.
7320	The findings push back the previous date for the oldest evidence of winemaking by about 600 to 1,000 years, which Dr. McGovern previously identified in Iran.
7321	The “Finnish Flash” was a 10-time All-Star, had 76 goals as a rookie with Winnipeg in 1992-93 and won the Stanley Cup with Anaheim in 2007.
7322	The firm has a 50-day moving average of $10.19 and a 200 day moving average of $10.
7323	The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $62.10 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.83.
7324	The firm has a market capitalization of $397.47 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.03 and a beta of 1.28.
7325	The firm has a market cap of $5.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 7.46 and a beta of 1.29.
7326	The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $283.60 and its 200 day moving average price is $266.80.
7327	The firm said that given major shareholder Econet Global had exceeded 35%, the move triggers a mandatory offer to minorities.
7328	The first hurdle is popularity.
7329	The first investment was raised in October 2015.
7330	The first of the energy contracts was signed on Oct. 9, 2013 by Kaive Wong, a Toronto real estate broker and, until recently, vice-president of The Element's condo board.
7331	The first one pinpointed is Pazhouheshkadeh, located at the Parchin military complex 30 miles southeast Tehran, which the report claims has in recent times become the main center for METFAZ’s tests.
7332	The first season of Six is averaging a 0.39 rating in the 18-49 demographic and 1.56 million viewers.
7333	The first song I remember doing for an open mic night was a Sam Cooke song, “A Change is Gonna Come.”
7334	The first thing was that the DNC had conspired to shut Bernie out of the race.
7335	The first time I visited, my lunch dining companion articulately described the espresso as “so thick you could cut it with a knife.”
7336	The first will ask voters if the town should allow the state to permit retail liquor sales on Sunday; the second, if the town will allow sales on all days other than Sunday.
7337	The five billionaires, who Simpson said would remain anonymous “until a bottle of champagne hits the hull”, will each own a suite, including some which span three floors.
7338	The five course dinner of course features lionfish and the main goal is to encourage people go out and hunt and eat more lionfish.
7339	The 'Five More Hours' singer reportedly wants to reconcile with RiRi after saying that he planned to propose to her before the infamous battery in 2009.
7340	The five-time Players’ winner Jones moved up to a 3-1 record to secure her playoff spot at the Pinty’s Grand Slam of Curling major tournament with one more round-robin game to go in the evening.
7341	The floors in all his rooms were submerged and his upstairs neighbours allowed him to store his more valued possessions with them.
7342	The flourishing aquaculture along the coastline and the riverbeds of Krishna and the thriving trade in Vannamei provide employment to a significant number of tribal people belonging to one of the poorest districts, Rayagada, in Odisha district.
7343	The FM’s intent to double farm incomes, up MGNREGA outlays from Rs 38,500 crore to Rs 48,000 crore, with overall budget allocations for rural India zooming 24 per cent (to Rs 1.87 lakh crore) will prove a good stimulus to rural spending.
7344	The focus paid off in a big way.
7345	The food-tech portal did not own the delivery part of the business and could not provide consistency in both quality and delivery to its customers.
7346	The Football Association on Wednesday confirmed has been sacked as ’s head coach after what the organisation deemed was “inappropriate and unacceptable behaviour” while in his previous job at Bristol Academy.
7347	The forecast doesn’t take into account currency fluctuations that could boost profit as much as 3 cents a share, Co-Chief Executive Officer Safra Catz said on a call with analysts.
7348	The Forestry Ministry had undertaken investments worth 158 billion Turkish Liras (around $42 billion) in the last 15 years, corresponding to the construction of 7,200 new facilities, including 513 hydroelectric power plants, according to Eroğlu.
7349	The Forest Service has been at Preparedness Level 5, the highest level, for 35 days as of Sept. 14. Approximately 2.2 million acres of National Forest system lands have burned in that time.
7350	The former House speaker Newt Gingrich, a longtime supporter of Mr. Trump’s, said in a tweet on Monday that it was time to “rethink” Mr. Mueller’s ability to be fair.
7351	The former prime minister said PPBM will not beg PAS leaders to join Pakatan Harapan despite the one month which has been given for it to decide.
7352	The Founders, Thomas argues, did not intend for Congress’ power to extend so far.
7353	The four-day International Defence Exhibition and Conference (IDEX), which began Sunday, is one of the largest arms fairs in the Middle East and is held every two years.
7354	The fourth line, consisting of Tyson Jost, Matt Nieto and Blake Comeau could step up and become an ace in the hole.
7355	The fourth-seeded Boilermakers, who blew a 19-point lead, iced the game on a pair of free throws by P.J. Thompson with 7.7 seconds left.
7356	The fracture is a consequence of the unilateralism of the Spanish government since 2010, when the Popular Party decided to take the Estatut to the Constitutional Court.
7357	The framework comprises hard work, honesty, positive attitude and rendering justice, he said.
7358	The Freshmen 15 will be the main component of the VIP hour this year.
7359	The frightened pastor had one of his other parishioners pick him up from where he was hiding and indicated that along with all his clothes, Claynisha’s husband had taken his car keys, wallet, business keys and other personal effects.
7360	The Fromm’s love and dedication has provided an exemplary legacy to their grateful family.
7361	The front row is responsible for making the big hits and passing the ball to the back row, whose members make the longer passes and run the ball.
7362	The fumes and noise from diesel generators are a huge problem, especially at night.
7363	The fund acquired 6,500 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $335,000.
7364	The funding for the purchase of the rescue unit was approved last summer after Town Meeting.
7365	The funding provides critically important technical resources, training and legislative support on key criminal justice issues.
7366	The fund owned 31,659 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 5,739 shares during the period.
7367	The fundraising effort has since smashed its goal and has raked in more than £16,780 in just nine days.
7368	The funeral service will begin at 11 am Friday under the direction of Pastor Charles Echols.
7369	The funkadelic influence is present, even with its soulful bottom, and this is D.R.A.M. showcasing why he's earned high-praise from Erykah Badu and is collaborating with veteran producer Rick Rubin.
7370	The future of DC’s Cinematic Universe is riding on how well does in theatres, and the reviews are quite mixed.
7371	The Galaxy A7 (SM-A720x) series is also expected to feature A5-like design language, but come with a bigger 5.7-inch/6.0-inch full HD+ (2160x1080p) screen having 18.5:9 aspect ratio and a fingerprint sensor on the back, just below the camera module.
7372	The Galaxy S7 is one of Samsung’s most successful handsets, so that’s no small achievement.
7373	The Gamecocks did not have a hit entering the fifth inning, but got to Troop with a pair in the bottom of the frame.
7374	The game featured 17 lead changes and neither team led by double digits until Penn State took a 10-point lead with 4:23 left.
7375	The game of football is almost exclusively played by males and one of the best in the business is Cam Newton.
7376	The game remained scoreless for nine minutes before Duke junior attack Justin Guterding scored his 50th goal of the season to tie the game up at one.
7377	The game wasn’t all pretty.
7378	The gaps, however, became significant shortly after.
7379	The Gay Head Lighthouse is pictured in archival photos with a huge lightkeeper’s house attached to it.
7380	The GBP/USD gained 1.035 percent in the last 24 hours.
7381	The Georgia standout rushed for nearly 2,000 yards as a junior.
7382	The girl asked them not to make noise and then walked some distance with her friend," the official said.
7383	The girl has learned the art of revenge, and she offered it every bit as bitter as Frey did in the first place.
7384	The girl was living with her father in St. Petersburg.
7385	The G-Men scratched Gallman for their first three contests.
7386	The goal of the committee is to raise the funds by mid-year, with a target date for its completion by next fall.
7387	The goal was a blow to Belgium's confidence, but the side picked up from the 65th minute when Panagiotis Tachtsidis was sent off for his second booking, a clumsy tackle on Toby Alderweireld.
7388	The goal was to push back the sunset provision by half a year in order to collect more data to evaluate the program and neighborhood impacts.
7389	The golfers can also make adjustments to the weather or wind in order to simulate a more realistic experience.
7390	The GOP caucus, including Corker and Flake and McCain, wasn’t against Obama’s across-the-board tax cut.
7391	The governing body has heard the requests for further community discussion and wholeheartedly agrees that public dialogue is essential.
7392	The government contends the alleged conspiracy involving Price and Nealy lasted from January 2001 to June 2011.
7393	The government has clarified that it cannot give money to run new schools, and this step will surely help increase the number of schools,” said the official.
7394	The government has proven that it is not capable of effectively managing the economy and it needs to wake up to do so.
7395	The government predicts visits to national parks, historic sites and marine conservation areas will top last year's attendance of about 24.5 million.
7396	The government states it is following Rajab's case "closely" and states "The UK is working closely with the Government of Bahrain to provide extensive reform assistance focused on strengthening human rights and the rule of law."
7397	The governor says he’s confident he can reach an agreement to keep the state’s signature effort to fight climate change past 2020.
7398	The governor’s goal is 1.5 million by 2025 so we need to provide incentive.”
7399	The governor vetoed the original bill because it wasn’t inclusive enough.
7400	The GRACE Follow-On satellites are scheduled for launch in the first quarter of 2018 on a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
7401	The grant is part of a combined $2.1 million awarded to 16 two-year colleges across six states to create 1,000 paid internships.
7402	The graphics card, after all, is more capable than a monitor in negotiating refresh rates and, now, color ranges and brightness.
7403	The Grasshoppers took the lead in the bottom of the third on a walk, single, and James Nelson RBI single.
7404	The great thing about Blazer colors is you can just throw on a lumberjack shirt and call it done.
7405	The Greek church is run by exclusively Greek clergy who minister to an exclusively Arab congregation, hence the tension in the community over decisions made by its leaders.
7406	The gross average wages and salaries are estimated to rise 5.5 percent this year and 5.6 percent in 2018.
7407	The group enlisted the help of volunteers and contractors to patch the property up enough to make it habitable for a youth pastor.
7408	The group formed up to fly the first leg of their journey, to the Army Airfield at Daggett, east of Barstow.
7409	The group says it will now be testing more sunscreens and publishing the results later in the year.
7410	The group will meet again in February.
7411	The GST is 3 and 5% respectively on the material required for both.
7412	The Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority Board of Directors has elected three new officers for 2017, according to Corridor News.
7413	The Guardian verified her true identity and confirmed that she is not named Caitlin and does not work for Schneiderman.
7414	“The guidance also sets out that outside organisations brought in to teach some or all of the school’s sex education should follow the school’s sex education policy.”
7415	The guide to the EU, which is aimed at schoolchildren, was first published in January 2007 but was “updated” in May 2017, apparently to reflect Britain’s departure, according to the publisher’s website.
7416	“The guy, in my opinion, went from a Good Samaritan to a vigilante.
7417	“The guys I play with, I feel like each one has taught me so much,” she says.
7418	The guys theorize who might be responsible.
7419	The GX800’s capacity for superior overclocking performance pushes the Intel K-series CPU overclocking possibilities to 4.4GHz and beyond.
7420	The halo effect from that on the Virgin brand will be great as well.
7421	The Harvard time crystal naturally started with a material that is out of equilibrium — a diamond.
7422	The hasty execution of such efforts have created wide-spread confusion, frustration and misrepresentation of what America stands for,” LoBiondo said.
7423	The head of state pointed out Belarus' interest in the further development of interstate ties and mutually beneficial cooperation with Angola in all avenues.
7424	The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met about the issue on Jan.
7425	The head of the United Nations mission in South Sudan (UNMISS), David Shearer, said the conflict in South Sudan can only be resolved through peaceful means.
7426	The health care overhaul would kill much of Obama's 2010 health care law and create new tax credits and curbs on Medicaid, the federal-state health care program for lower-income people.
7427	The Hebrew/Biblical word Shofar – שופר – means to enhance and improve (שפר), which is a key message of Yom Kippur.
7428	The Heineken managing director for east and west Africa, Boudewijn Haarsma, told AIM that initially the brewery will produce 800,000 hectolitres of beer a year, and that its installed capacity will be 3.5 million hectolitres.
7429	“The helmet didn’t just pop up in our heads first, it came with a lot of research,” Smith said.
7430	The Herb Kohl Initiative Scholarship recognizes students who have demonstrated a high level of motivation, have shown strong compromise for achieving success in college and beyond, and have overcome significant personal obstacles for adversity.
7431	The Historic Columbia River Highway also remains closed, and will remain closed for a “long time.”
7432	The historic sound recording will be preserved for future generations to know him.
7433	The history of the L.A. Guns is nothing if not storied.
7434	The Hole has two chillers: a big chiller used as the main system during the day and a small chiller used to maintain the temperature overnight.
7435	The holidays are interesting!
7436	The home support revelled in their supremacy and took great delight in pointing out the discrepancy between the praise Spurs receive and the trophies they have won.
7437	The homes vary in design and scale because they were built over several decades.
7438	The honour was bestowed on MTC Sunshine Promotions and its steward Nestor 'Sunshine' Tobias for its outstanding contribution to Africa and world boxing, setting up professional bouts, the quality of the fights, frequency, and entertainment value.
7439	The horse and OO workers.
7440	The hotel chain received word that customers were reporting unauthorized charges to their credit cards, and an internal investigation revealed that malware had been installed on the servers that process card payments.
7441	The house suffered structural damage, but the family says they have shored it up, for now.
7442	“The houses will be built by elections,” he promised.
7443	The Howard League, which advocates for reform in the criminal justice system, worked with more than half of the police forces in England and Wales to understand how they are policing children's homes.
7444	The Hungarian bank cut its overnight rate further into negative territory in September and said it was ready to loosen monetary policy further with unconventional, targeted tools to drive longer government bond yields lower.
7445	The Hurricane Warning for the Turks and Caicos Islands has been discontinued.
7446	The Huskies battled hard for the puck in the third period and tried to rally.
7447	The ICC has considered both incidents in the context of this match and concluded it will be taking no further action against either player, a statement read.
7448	The ICI was introduced in 2010 to give larger electricity users a break on their bills by shifting hydro consumption to off-peak hours.
7449	The Ideal Fish & Game Club thanks all the shooters and local businesses that donate to keep the yearly event possible.
7450	The ideal is let’s get from six to five on the way to being no 3 is the mandate,” he said.
7451	“The idea that we just have to try again,” he explained.
7452	The ideology rejected the constraints of abstract authority, such as God or family, only to erect absolute tyranny in the name of revolution, and place a deified representative of the Communist Party at the top of the hierarchy.
7453	The ILO says this estimate includes trafficking and other forms of modern slavery.
7454	The images on the top-left show the nanoparticle morphology.
7455	"The implicit assumption that Uber (or I) was somehow endorsing the Administration's agenda has created a perception-reality gap between who people think we are, and who we actually are," he wrote.
7456	The important thing is that the plastic feels solid and the device is comfortable to hold.
7457	The in-app camera has a handful different shooting modes, and they all specialize a little differently.
7458	The inaugural address is the incoming president’s opportunity to share his vision for the country.
7459	The inauguration of this factory is a fulfillment of his government’s effort to woo investors who can produce export quality products.
7460	The incident took place in Hebron in the occupied West Bank on 24 March.
7461	The incident was reported to police at around 4:30 p.m. Sunday, a day when the air temperature at the Joplin Regional Airport was 93 degrees, according to the National Weather Service website.
7462	The increased interconnectivity has led to price alignment everywhere in Europe.
7463	The Indians finish the series with a double-header at Pensacola March 18.
7464	The indictments come on a pivotal week for the President, when his much-discussed tax reform plan is slated to be released and when he said he plans to appoint a chair for the Federal Reserve.
7465	The industry has long poured money and resources into defending the H-1B visa program, which allows companies to recruit skilled workers from other countries.
7466	The infamous site was Europe's largest illegal settlement which cost taxpayers more than £7million to clear and culminated in a heated showdown in October 2011.
7467	The injured were transported to nearby hospitals for further medical care.
7468	The inmate, 27-year-old Allen Schroeder Jr., assaulted the female officer while she was on duty on the afternoon of April 15.
7469	The innovation I see in the creation of Rouge Park sets a good example of how new national parks can and should be created in the future, as Canada’s national landscapes become increasingly fragmented.
7470	The inquest was told that Mr Abdullah, an award-winning nurse who had excelled in his profession, had been investigated over his writing of a letter to support a colleague.
7471	The inspector general's probe comes as the sheriff's department continues to implement reforms after a scandal that led to federal corruption charges against the former sheriff and several of his underlings.
7472	The instability and unpredictability of not having a state budget for going on three years sends a “Don’t go there” message to business.
7473	The institutional investor owned 9,995 shares of the exchange traded fund’s stock after purchasing an additional 2,770 shares during the period.
7474	The intensity is unmatched.
7475	The intention may have been good but then it hit us so hard that I had to go without cash for many days.
7476	The interviews in question, most of which will be allowed at trial, were included in information released by police last year as part of Freedom of Information Act requests.
7477	The investigations are still ongoing.
7478	The investigations at Central Washington occurred in 2012 and 2013, mostly examining reported incidents that happened years earlier.
7479	The investigative effort to identify who the remains belong to is occurring contemporaneous to the search effort.
7480	The IP report observes that the states benefiting from internal migration have much better fiscal policy.
7481	Their all-time record is now 800-94-2 in 56 years.
7482	Their best player ended up with 23 points, but 10 came from the line and he was able to connect on a couple of threes, one off a turnover, the other on some miscommunication.”
7483	Their bodies were found the next day in a wooded area less than a mile from where they were last seen alive.
7484	Their books will be available for sale and can be personalized at the event.
7485	Their bread and butter is the Challenge Race, which is eight miles long with 30 obstacles.
7486	Their defensive backs are on the attack as well led by junior Josh Scales, leading the team in tackles and fumble recoveries.
7487	Their discovery happened the day after the election of Donald Trump, and Remple and Buser were stunned and reassured by Pedro’s warm-hearted pleas for unity, as well as his distinct musical voice.
7488	Their findings show that focusing on the association between single environmental exposures and cancer development, while necessary to understand specific mechanisms, may not address the broader environmental context in which cancers develop.
7489	“Their first two tries came as a result of penalties, and that hurt us,” said Japan flanker Shunsuke Nunomaki.
7490	Their goal, which would change the fabric of online gaming as we know it, is to create game that bridges the consoles and allows for cross-platform play.
7491	The Irish government has promised a referendum on the 8 amendment in the first half of next year but the result is not a foregone conclusion.
7492	Their latest car pursuit got them nowhere, but Scott will think he can reach out to a few of the girls.
7493	Their mandate is to show that emerging voices are vital to the theatre community, and all four plays selected for their 2017 season are penned by writers who fit that vision.
7494	Their marriage has stood the test of time and they seem blessed by the heavens for a long happy life together.
7495	"Their message is, 'We want to keep L.A. great.
7496	Their personalities have already butted heads, but the core problem here would be ego– both are surprisingly self-conscious but eager for praise.
7497	Their product focuses on the specific needs of the esports athlete — using slow acting carbs that actually balance blood sugar levels.
7498	“The irreverent, scandalous, arrogant and most myopic statement by the Governor of Rivers State, Mr. Nyesom Wike, is the crowning of all insults upon our people.
7499	Theirs is a 24/7 mission.
7500	Their songs of choice were from recent Disney movies because of the influence of Curry’s 4-year-old daughter, Riley.
7501	Their start from a specific definition of God, such as Anselm's definition that God is "that, than which nothing greater can be conceived", or that God is a "maximally perfect being".
7502	Their stories are full of joy and accomplishment and what has been created has to be seen and touched to fully appreciate the work.
7503	Their Under-21 team beat England 4-3 on penalties on Tuesday to book their place in Friday’s final at the European Under-21 championships in Poland.
7504	Their voices still sound as good as any studio recording and they both commanded the stage better than most acts today.
7505	The Islamic Center’s glass doors were broken by large rocks.
7506	The island’s turtle is nicknamed Eliza Ann for the restaurant at the Waterline Resort and Marina — expected to open in August in Holmes Beach.
7507	The isolated, nuclear-armed North sent a chill through the international community Tuesday after its missile launch, a milestone in Pyongyang’s decades-long drive for the capability to threaten the US mainland with a nuclear strike.
7508	The Ivorian, who joined City in 2010, has become more important since Germany midfielder Ilkay Gundogan suffered a cruciate ligament injury against Watford on 14 December that is likely to rule him out for the rest of the season.
7509	The Jackson-Reynolds actioner “The Hitman’s Bodyguard” will easily win the crown for the third straight weekend with about $10 million, early estimates showed Friday.
7510	The Jaguars are a run-first team, but Lee leads the squad with 7.3 targets per game and the return of the speedster Westbrook should help open space underneath.
7511	The jail even hosts such things as ghost-hunting events every October.
7512	The Japanese government continues to deny accusations of slavery and sustains the women were prostitutes despite international condemnation.
7513	The Jayhawks made the game close, but ultimately fell to the K-State Wildcats.
7514	The JCUA has been the recipient of millions of dollars of federal grant funds to make the extensive renovations, extensions and improvements to the plant required to meet legal standards for wastewater discharge.
7515	The Jerusalem District Court last June sentenced Schlissel to life in prison plus 31 years for the 2015 attack.
7516	The Jets may have the ability to retain some salary, given their salary-cap flexibility, but they’ve had a lot of players on injured reserve this season and had several players buried in the minors on one-way contracts.
7517	The joint project involves more than 33 companies from 12 EU nations, as well as firms from the US and Japan.
7518	The Joint Special Operations Command has allocated buses in order transport displaced people.
7519	The Jonesboro Fire Department responded to the scene while gas leaked from the pipes, the sheriff's office said.
7520	The Judge adjourned the matter to a date in October.
7521	The judge imposed a prison term of 12-15 years for the conviction of manslaughter and a concurrent sentence of three to five years for unlawfully possessing the firearm used to kill the Dedham man.
7522	The justices on Monday left in place a lower court ruling that said Kody Brown and his four wives can’t sue over the law because they weren’t charged under it.
7523	The Juvenile Justice Board here on Wednesday gave the CBI three days to question the 16-year-old boy apprehended in connection with the murder of a seven-year-old student of Ryan International School, Bhondsi branch.
7524	The kaffir lime leaves need to be fresh, too; if you can’t get hold of them fresh, leave them out.
7525	The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet today announced that the Clay County Fiscal Court will receive $58,220 in County Road Aid emergency funds.
7526	The keyboard and trackpad are a joy to use, the equal of my current fruit-themed laptop, which I love dearly.
7527	The key is anticipating your employees’ needs to be able to intervene when they need you most.
7528	The keynote address was delivered by uMlalazi mayor, Cllr TB Zulu.
7529	The kick-off time for England versus Spain is scheduled for 8 pm IST.
7530	The Kickstarter campaign is flooded with over 10,000 user comments with one typical backer complaining: “This company has to be the biggest Kickstarter ripoff failure ever.”
7531	The kids will love the rock climbing wall, and pet adoption area.
7532	The King County Medical Examiner’s Office, not Boeing, notified L&I of the workplace death, Church said.
7533	The kitchen and my office are upstairs, with great views: I wake up and have coffee looking at the Shard, the Tower of London and the City.
7534	The lack of a provision addressing paid prioritization could prove tough for Democrats and other supporters of the net neutrality rules to swallow.
7535	The landmark announcement came during a visit to Lebanon by General Joseph Votel, the top commander for US military forces in the Middle East.
7536	The large and growing wealth gap isn’t just unfair, it is a danger to the stability of our regime.
7537	The largely rural area is about 50 miles (80 km) east of Dallas.
7538	The larval form, which look like oversized pillbugs or sowbugs with big pinchers, morph into winged adults that look like damselflies.
7539	The last proposed settlement’s most noteworthy change was the creation of a “Handschu Committee,” would have 11 high-ranking NYPD officials and one civilian representative (CR), appointed by the mayor.
7540	The last word is with Trump.
7541	The latest arm-twisting by the government promises to heat up a more than three-month-old confrontation between the Maduro regime and thousands in the opposition, and which has already claimed 90 lives.
7542	The latest call for regime change in Syria comes as a result of the Trump administration’s judgment that Assad crossed a red line by using chemical weapons on his own people.
7543	The latest celebrity who is apparently planning on a big budget project is Riteish Deshmukh.
7544	The latest prize in the Kansas-Missouri business border war will leave some space vacant in northern OP.
7545	The Latest: Trump calls Las Vegas shooter 'very sick'
7546	The Latest: Venezuela VP says assembly to sit 'within hours'
7547	The latest was an 11-4 loss to the Washington Nationals, and adding insult to injury was another big game for Daniel Murphy, who always seems to put the hurt on his old team.
7548	The latter hosted less than half a dozen artists on Burger while the former, located in a parking lot behind the Long Beach Convention Center, hosted bigger names including Ludacris and Tyler, The Creator.
7549	The launch of the debt fund leads Enko Capital Group closer to its ambition of becoming the leading pan-African asset manager.”
7550	The Lava Jato case has caused turmoil in Brazil’s political landscape.
7551	The lawmaker said he knew he was innocent of the charges against him and was ready to clear his name.
7552	The lawsuit also claims the special education teacher who would put kids in the booth had a troubling past.
7553	The lawsuit has been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of all those who purchased Lion securities between November 14, 2013 and April 10, 2017 (the “Class Period”).
7554	The lawsuit is the latest twist in a years long, ongoing battle between the board, which has been accused of diverting funds from local public schools to Orthodox Jewish students in private schools, and black and Latino residents in the district.
7555	The lawyer said that a Council meeting guideline on banning the use of social media during meetings “is unconstitutional” because it prohibits all “electronic communications while a Council meeting is in session.”
7556	The lawyers plan to remain in the airport through Monday to aid any other detainees, Bellis added.
7557	The Learning Station will be installed at Mile Marker 72 on Highway 34, the site of the fishing pier destroyed by the 2013 flood.
7558	The least funded.
7559	The leaves are quite sharp and nasty, and it can become invasive.
7560	The legendary throwback photo show how young Nigerian lovers and couples turned up for the Lover's Day in style in the year 1965.
7561	The legislation offers no immediate fix for the bulk of the 470,000 appeals claims in VA's backlog; the changes would apply almost entirely to newly filed appeals.
7562	The Legislature needs to make another significant investment in the safety of Oregon’s school children before this session is over.
7563	The lesson is plain: anyone with access to a motor vehicle can use it in a terror attack.
7564	The LG Watch Sport further houses a larger 430mAh against the 240mAh battery on the Watch Style.
7565	The Liberian point guard showed his scoring and creative ability with 27 points - 3 points behind the game's highest scorer Jaysean Paige - and 7 assists, as well as 4 rebounds and 2 steals, according to BBL stats.
7566	The likelihood of high-temperature stress occurring in a given location or season is the main factor limiting where and when the crop can be grown.
7567	The line of turkey meats, which includes oven roasted, smoked, ham and bologna, was introduced in 2016 and was worked on by Jennie-O's research and development team and marketing staff.
7568	“The lines burnt off from the front of the house and just come down on their own.
7569	The list of Winter Upgrades has apparently already leaked online and you can see which players from the Premier League will likely be upgraded here if you missed it last time.
7570	The LMCs raised some concerns on the issue of petitions on payments for wins.
7571	The loan bears interest at Wall Street Journal Prime plus 40 basis points, which today and taking into a consideration the interest rate forward equates to approximately 4.65%.
7572	The long-term knee injury sustained by Zlatan Ibrahimovic recently has compounded Mourinho’s need for attacking reinforcements and Belotti will be high on his list.
7573	The long time headquarters of the 'Rutland Herald' will be put up for auction by the paper's former owners on Oct. 27, 2017.
7574	The losers of Saturday’s two games meet Sunday in the bronze-medal match (2:30 p.m. EST).
7575	The loss isn’t due to transit riders returning to the highway because gasoline is cheap.
7576	The Lowell has spoken.
7577	The lunchtime favorite has been reincarnated 2½ miles south on West Sahara Avenue in The Plazas business center.
7578	The Luton chief saw his side humbled by the Robins at the weekend, as once Scott Cuthbert was dismissed on the half hour, the visitors eased to victory.
7579	The MacLeods then piled thatch and roof timbers at the entrance before setting it alight, causing the occupants to suffocate.
7580	The magazine identified the newspaper as The New York Times and the book author as Rose McGowan, who has stepped forward to allege that Mr. Weinstein raped her.
7581	The magnitude of the disaster then was of epic proportions.
7582	The Maharashtra government’s loan waiver package of Rs 30,000 crore has triggered speculation of mid-term polls in the state.
7583	The main target of those raids was Freddie Collins Jr., 45, Chestnut Street.
7584	“The Maltz Jupiter Theatre is a treasured cultural institution, and this new design will allow them to have an even greater cultural impact.”
7585	"The management of the hospital is to be blamed.
7586	The man was wanted for spates of hijackings, business and house robberies.
7587	The man, who had been “involved in an ongoing dispute” with Aguilar and Barrera, then rammed their vehicle with his own and attempted to turn around, police said.
7588	The March article said the town would borrow from Maine Municipal Bond Bank, which typically offers the lowest interest rates because of its large risk pool.
7589	The march is for equality, diversity and inclusion to protect women’s rights, according to the flier.
7590	The Mariners have been a little thin in the bullpen with an earlier injury to Shae Simmons, meaning there will be room for Cishek and/or Zych if they can make it back.
7591	The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA), which is leading the inquiry said it was considering theories, including possible emissions from disturbed wrecks on the seabed.
7592	The massive computer hack of Equifax, one of the three largest US credit reporting agencies, exposed the Social Security numbers, names, and contact information for up to 143 million of us.
7593	The May 10-13 summit was convened by the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association, and drew several hundred religious leaders and victims of Christian persecution from around the world.
7594	The mayor and six assembly members voted for their top two choices, although not everyone voted for two.
7595	The mayor’s office failed to mention the decline in tenants in the FY 2018 proposed budget.
7596	The measure will raise about $14.5 billion in new revenue in 2025, $33.8 billion in 2030, and $83.6 billion in 2040, according to the Penn-Wharton budget model.
7597	The media outlet also claimed there is a 'substantial public interest' in the case.
7598	“The media serve as one of the voices of democracy and I believe that beyond all roles played by others, the media are far ahead in that it keeps the citizens informed about what government is doing.
7599	The Mediterranean eating pattern incorporates lots of unsaturated, healthy fats.
7600	The meeting also recommended providing justice at all levels for the citizens.
7601	The meeting room is likened to a museum, with photographs of all the former commanders lining two walls.
7602	The meeting will be held at the One King West Hotel, 1 King Street West, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 1A1.
7603	The members wore their ethnic costumes or uniforms, and also brought their mascots or other festive props.
7604	The men have been accused of selling 13 weapons and five other weapons to an undercover officer on four occasions between February 2016 and March 2017 in the same parking lot.
7605	The mental aspect of preparation is key for Team Homan and they weren’t trying to peak just yet, only get stronger ahead of the Olympic Trials.
7606	The mental stress of trying to figure out which is true and which is false of their words is enough to achieve this.
7607	The Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency, or BMKG, has issued a warning for the greater Jakarta area that heavy rains and winds may be observed until Thursday.
7608	The Met Office reported a 'strong signal' for a 'summery' May to be hotter-than-normal, with frequent sunshine and little rainfall – with the balmy conditions set to last through the month.
7609	The microenvironment remains an unaddressed therapeutic frontier," Dunsire said.
7610	The migrants said that they had come to Cyprus with the aim of crossing over the border to the south to find their families.
7611	The mindset of victimhood, that we had for generations, has overwhelmed us in the fight for justice, taking into consideration the fact that the Armenian Genocide has never been acknowledged by the successors of perpetrators and by major Western powers.
7612	The minimum necessary to stave off defeat now required the commitment of American combat troops.
7613	The Mining Indaba is the biggest annual mining event in Africa with attendance from over 100 countries.
7614	The Minister had kicked against what he described as insubordination and lack of adherence to due process perpetuated by the Group Managing Director (GMD) of the NNPC, Dr Maikanti Baru.
7615	The minister made the call in Abuja while addressing the sixth Sustainability in the Extractive Industries Conference, organised by the CSR-in-Action in Abuja for stakeholders in the extractive industry.
7616	The Minister of Finance, Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, who confirmed this in a statement issued yesterday, said the amount was for the first quarter of this year.
7617	“The Ministry of defence deals directly with states and governments on defence equipment procurement without using contractors or vendors any longer.
7618	The Ministry of Health in Westminster and the Secretary of State for Health, at present Jeremy Hunt, are only responsible for England.
7619	The mini tsunami hits Zandvoort in the Netherlands on Monday.
7620	The Minneapolis Fire Department says that the worker was trying to lift an access beam when he fell.
7621	The Minnesota Timberwolves introduced Jimmy Butler to fans in the Twin Cities on Thursday morning, and the new star of the team quickly made waves during his first press conference.
7622	The miscalculation that the dam could continue to collect sediment for another quarter century will be of particular interest to Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R).
7623	The missing reaction so far is that of Khartoum: how it views what is going on and how it is going to deal with it?
7624	The model here can be U.S. relations with the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, where Ronald Reagan’s championing of dissidents ultimately paid dividends after the USSR’s demise.
7625	The moral conflict between Sharia and universal human rights should not be dismissed as a misunderstanding, but openly discussed.
7626	“The more of a certain type of story we like, the more of that same content the algorithm feeds us.
7627	The most acquiescing quarterback to ever live.
7628	The most difficult part for Lopez, he said, was choosing what pieces to present in the limited space.
7629	“The most exciting part was seeing so many people come to this debate, because in that past it hasn’t been very many.”
7630	The most familiar to most people are the autonomous pilot programs already being tested by current TNCs, like Uber in Pittsburgh (and now Arizona).
7631	The most hotly disputed parts of a draft 50-year water strategy — including references to the Lake Powell Pipeline and the Bear River Project — will be rewritten before they are submitted to the governor for approval next month.
7632	The most likely host is called the oak margin gall.
7633	The most memorable part of the scene might be the fact that the gem inspector appears to be a Trump doppelganger.
7634	The most obvious way this impacts the roster is Driskel’s spot goes out the window and is up for grabs.
7635	The most recent has received by far the most acclaim and attention, but it's been a steady grind of work to get there.
7636	The most romantic thing a guy can do to woo her would be to fly her to “an unknown destination to see the sunset.”
7637	The mother, whose name has not been released, is in custody and is undergoing medical and psychological evaluations, detectives said.
7638	The moulds are then sent through the cooling tunnel.
7639	The move again illustrates that the Pumas are a franchise producing a steady stream of world-class players with the potential to perform on the biggest stage.
7640	The move could appeal to customers who would be affected by a potential rise in the cost of its variable-rate mortgages.
7641	The move is seen by some as an effort to assure investors that the company's fortune doesn't rest solely on sales of iPhones, which have been its main revenue driver.
7642	The movie follows a young girl named Coraline (Dakota Fanning), who moves into a new house with her parents, who areintensely focused on their work.
7643	The movie's director has told CBS that the new orca show was designed to make the audience feel better, not the animals.
7644	The movie was not as scary as it was purported to be.
7645	The MPC currently has eight members rather than the usual nine since Charlotte Hogg resigned as a deputy governor earlier this year and has yet to be replaced.
7646	The Municipal and Laborers plan costs will grow by $330.4 million, or 50 percent, in fiscal 2022.
7647	The Murdoch-owned paper typically updates its website and apps four times per day — overnight, at 9 a.m., at noon, and again at 5 p.m. The London attack was one of only 10 or so times that the paper has broken its editions schedule.
7648	The Murer House Learning Center, 1125 Joe Murer Court in Folsom, is having a cooking class on Friday, Oct. 6 from 10 a.m.-noon. Take advantage of the fall’s best gift — porcini mushrooms and learn how to make a tasty risotto recipe.
7649	The mystery bidder, who is only known as being "European", bagged the collection with an online bid of nearly double the guide price.
7650	Then 2016 happened, and for the first time that I can remember, Pirate baseball was boring.
7651	The Namibian spoke to some of the residents at the Rundu Sports Stadium, where they had gathered to watch rehearsals on Monday ahead of the celebrations.
7652	The National Nuclear Security Administration has set a deadline of Dec. 11 for potential bidders.
7653	The National Weather Service has declared a blizzard watch for our region through 8 p.m. with snow accumulations of 20 to 30 inches and winds of 35 mph.
7654	“The National Workshop will include case studies, thematic roundtables and focused attention on steps towards improving existing practices and policies on delivering alternative narratives to challenge violent extremism.
7655	The nation’s constitution recommends that all states of the federation must be represented in the cabinet.
7656	Then Bosley tells him to help wrap her in a tarp.
7657	The NBU will receive US$70 million to support micro, small and medium-sized enterprises and US$30 million under the EBRD Trade Facilitation Program.
7658	Then came what could be seen as a scene from a movie; Panneerselvam is meditating at the memorial of Jayalalithaa, saying shortly after that “she called out to him” and that he went there to “search my conscience.”
7659	The NDA now enjoys over 60 per cent support with the JDU and AIADMK joining the league.
7660	The Netherlands and two-time reigning Copa America champs Chile miss out as well.
7661	The Nevada Division of Tourism () is part of the Nevada Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs.
7662	• The new £250,000 Bristol Bullet combines a high-tech bonded aluminium chassis with carbonfibre composite bodywork.
7663	The new American critic was no longer the quiet Tim Geithner, but the bombastic Donald Trump.
7664	The new Crossrail trains are live today.
7665	The newest edition of Webster’s Dictionary has replaced a picture of Goatse with a picture of Osteen, next to the word “asshole”.
7666	The New Jersey Department of Community Affairs is holding a public hearing on Wednesday on a wide array of proposed rule changes that are designed to cut down on the number of permits required for home improvement projects.
7667	The new location will be 30 acres in total, which will accommodate the animals that are periodically housed there, parking and larger events that will take place in the future.
7668	The newly constructed bridge is located at the 19th Street entrance to the gulch.
7669	The newlywed told BBC news the response to her plea had been 'amazing'.
7670	The new machinery will be installed on the new building of the Company on two floors, where currently other security printings are taking place.
7671	The new parents have been forced to spend days and weeks apart as Dave undergoes procedures.
7672	The news of the potential meeting on the sidelines of the G20 conference in Hamburg, the first between the two leaders since Trump took office, was provided only by the Kremlin’s readout of the call.
7673	The Nexon is reportedly getting ready for a launch in August although the carmaker is yet to make an official announcement.
7674	The next day, the family was supposed to move to Mexico City, but the plans never materialized after family members tried unsuccessfully to call them and contact them online.
7675	The next general election has been turned into a US-type election, to appoint the next Prime Minister rather than to elect the party to run the country.
7676	The next morning, Saturday, March 11th, from 10 a.m. until noon, South Main Sounds will hold an admission-free family variety show hosted by Bill Shipper and featuring music from teen songwriters Bailey Bigger and Merit Koch.
7677	“The next phase of improvements on the Ike will be another step to strengthening the state’s position as the transportation hub of North America,” Illinois Transportation Secretary Randy Blankenhorn said.
7678	Then, fast forward 10 years and Bungie’s Destiny was the first game that I could think of for a long time where voice chat was just off.
7679	Then he segues to a self-tribute: “I got a letter from somebody, their congressman.
7680	The Night Herons’ raw execution continues in such tracks like the melodic guitars and marching beat on “Razorblade,” on the reverberating guitars and upbeat drums on “10,000 Women,” and the blaring and radio-active guitar licks on “Overload.”
7681	The night of 4 November can truly be the Night of the Long Knives in Saudi Arabia.
7682	“Then I’m sure that you know where he’s at now,” William Wyatt said.
7683	The nine rattlesnakes with trackers already implanted are showing more movement.
7684	Then, it’s back to Chase Field for a six-game home stand against Washington and Atlanta.
7685	The NKR Defense Ministry has declared that “the military-political leadership of Azerbaijan bears full responsibility for the provocative actions and their consequences.
7686	Then look at some of the big banks, like JP Morgan Chase.
7687	Then more tears were shed when we heard about a group of women who tore apart wedding dresses and created funeral attire for babies.
7688	The Nokia 8 sits at the top of the company's new smartphone portfolio, as we mentioned previously.
7689	The nominations approved by the committee now head to the full Senate for confirmation votes.
7690	The Northglenn/Thornton Rotary Club’s 9th Annual Duck Derby race begins at 4 p.m. Ducks are $5 each or five for $20 and can be purchased on the day of the event.
7691	The North's official media hasn't reported about the case, but it previously accused of Seoul of kidnapping or enticing its citizens to defect.
7692	The Norwegian state oil company is developing the Carcara field—part of the prolific Santos Basin.
7693	The novel follows the relationship between a screenwriter and a young woman, with Los Angeles as the backdrop.
7694	Then, private donors collaborated with the Herring Pond Watershed Association to donate $100,000 to the cause.
7695	Then-secretary of state Hillary Clinton's badly translated "reset" button was pretty much a sign of a depleted knowledge base.
7696	Then she got a call from her daughter.
7697	Then she says: “There is no such right for citizens to gather signatures for a public referendum.”
7698	Then there’s the lack of success with this strategy.
7699	Then the weather started to change.
7700	Then they found out there was taxpayer money, $50,000,000.
7701	Then those who defile, rape and murder by surprise pouncing on the victims along village paths?
7702	The number of babies born each year at the Majuro hospital have been steadily declining since 1987, leading the nursing staff to believe that Majuro’s population explosion may be slowly receding.
7703	The number of deaths of women and children grew especially fast, primarily due to the Taliban’s use of homemade bombs, which caused 40% of civilian casualties in the first six months of 2017, according to UN figures released on Monday.
7704	The number of growing diseases and increasing concern and awareness about health are the factors contributing to the growth of Helical CT Scanner Sales industry and its allied industries.
7705	The number of international millennial trips is expected to nearly double to reach about 300 million trips per year by 2020.
7706	The number one reason to buy a VIP ticket is to have access to a better view of the stage.
7707	"The number reflects the number of deaths this influenza season — they are cumulative and thus not reflective of the deaths necessarily occurring in the past week."
7708	The numbers listed here are the highest deviation from zero after multiple tests on the devices.
7709	The nurses come to her room and tell her to breathe from a tube, and Wanda can see glass particles entering her lungs.
7710	Then, we also had this idea, which is something that people did catch on to online.
7711	The Obamas were big boosters of Broadway during his presidency, especially “Hamilton,” ”A Raisin in the Sun” and “Joe Turner’s Come and Gone.”
7712	The occasion was graced by Vice Chancellor Buddhist & Pali University Ven.
7713	The odds of keeping his mind clear are stacked against him considering she’s tied up in a straightjacket to a chair, but he’s going to do his best regardless.
7714	The offence is punishable under section 516A of the criminal code law cap 80, Vol- 3 laws of Abia state 2005.
7715	The Office of the Attorney General (OAG) is reviewing one of the oldest and most complicated cases the Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC) has investigated so far.
7716	The officer added that the "extremely troubling" investigation should serve as a reminder to parents to carefully monitor their children's online activity.
7717	The officer got close enough to the car to read the tag, but also saw a child in the car, which continued to drive recklessly.
7718	The officer placed a 24-hour tow tag on the vehicle.
7719	“The officers on his trail thoroughly searched the washroom and from one steel dustbin, recovered 16 gold bars of 10 tola each, totally weighing 1.865 kg, which is estimated at ₹56,00,000,” Pradnyasheel Jumle, deputy commissioner, AIU, told The Hindu.
7720	“The officials rejected my nomination papers without any valid reason,” he alleged.
7721	The Ogden is great.
7722	The oil and gas company reported ($0.25) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.30) by $0.05, MarketWatch Earnings reports.
7723	The oil industry is struggling massively and relies on UK government subsidies.
7724	The older woman said she could not lie down and she did not have her handbag as it was in the car.
7725	The old waterbug had brought a gift of warning and good will.
7726	The ones that aren’t work appropriate – or will seem that way when taken out of context.
7727	The one who knew JOSEPH is dead.
7728	The only family member she recognized was me.
7729	The only footage of the incident available is grainy street camera footage of five people arriving at the scene, before escaping on bicycles.
7730	The only games that gave me real hope for the future of VR were strategy and tactical games like Brass Tactics — an RTS where you battle armies across a digital table.
7731	The only Hoosier that reached on Waldron was Brian Fineman, who reached to start the bottom of the seventh on an error.
7732	The only issue I have with hookers is that I wouldn't know if they were victims of human trafficking or not.
7733	The only moment when it remained still was when it had a massive pee.’
7734	The only other thing to bear in mind is that it's completely silent.
7735	The only other two who had not been to a Super Bowl were Sean Payton and Rex Ryan.
7736	"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be."
7737	The only question is how much each factor is contributing relative to the other.
7738	The only solution was to go to the only mall open and buy new clothes to play in.
7739	The only thing I would take issue with is the description of this award as “annual”.
7740	The on-product control buttons, likewise, are cleanly stylized and intuitive.
7741	The operation was held by officers from the Katlehong Crime Prevention Unit and detectives from the Katlehong Police Station.
7742	The operator of Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Ashkenazy Acquisition Corp. of New York, has acquired the 98-year lease for the office and retail space at Boston’s South Station.
7743	“The operators of Ontario’s long-term care homes are entrusted with the care and safety of our loved ones,” Hoskins said in a statement.
7744	The opportunity to wear matching costumes with friends and family?
7745	The opposition alleges the true vote count was closer to 2.5 million, which would represent a turnout of around 12 per cent, rather than the 41.5 per cent claimed by the government.
7746	The organization’s purpose is promoting an outdoor lifestyle to fellow Swedes, and who better to enjoy the great outdoors than the resident royals?
7747	The original Yamla Pagla Deewana was a hit both at the Box Office and among critics.
7748	The other candidates for the position are Kelley Packer of McCammon, Janice McGeachin of Idaho Falls, and Sen. Marv Hagedorn of Meridian, all Republicans.
7749	The other challenge is of course, JioTV.
7750	The other day, after another of Trump’s attacks on media, Boas wrote: “The scoundrel here is not the mainstream press.
7751	The other Kiwis in the squad are all Juniors with Connor Davison from Hamilton stepping up to the KA2 class for the meeting, and Liam Sceats and Luke Thompson from Auckland and Emerson Vincent from Pukekohe all running in Cadet 12.
7752	The other two phases will be taken up shortly.”
7753	The other vehicle involved appears to be a white van or SUV that has major damage.
7754	The outcome of their fate remains unknown.
7755	The owners of Milk and Honey Ciders, a hard-cider maker of Cold Spring, are expanding their business by opening a cider house on CR 51 in St. Joseph.
7756	The owners of the camera may be breaking the law with regards to how that personal information is used, she added.
7757	The owners of the Taylor mark were reduced to arguing that you could still see his name under the ink that was used to black out his name.
7758	The owners, siblings of the Buttrey family, are looking to sell the property to someone with more free time.
7759	The Packers and Lions were both safely in the playoffs by the time their game kicked off, because Washington lost to the New York Giants earlier in the day.
7760	The pair further fueled the rumors as they were seen in Bella's Instagram Stories just a few days ago.
7761	The pair had been celebrating Ronnie’s wedding to Jack Branning.
7762	The pair released their latest album back in 2012, and have released a handful of singles since then.
7763	The Palestinians have labelled Nazzal’s arrest an attack on press freedom and several international organizations have called for his release.
7764	The pampered Indian princes of the British Raj were perhaps the biggest liability of the politicians across the subcontinent.
7765	The panel felt that responsibility for this lay with all firms and central governments involved – at a national and international level.
7766	The Panthers went 4-for-8 from the foul line as Justin Barna was able to knock down three free throws during that time to cut the Versailles lead to 46-18.
7767	The paper claims that the deal allows Russia to “control the use of weapons supplied to Armenia” and that the Armenian military will not be able to deploy them without Moscow’s consent.
7768	The parade kicks off at 10:00 a.m. at Broadway and 11th Street in downtown.
7769	The park added 3,000 acres along Lake Vermilion's shoreline to the park seven years ago, and the first phase of the expanded park's new campground is nearly ready.
7770	The parochialism that comes with that is frightening.
7771	The partnerships built upon homeland security, Kaufman noted, could spur a new wave of private-sector innovation.
7772	The party had made significant investments on refurbishing the office following allotment.
7773	The party is dead.
7774	The party was confident that its candidate Devendra Pratap Singh would win Gorakhpur-Faizabad graduate constituency too, although the results to this seat was yet to be announced at the time of filing this report.
7775	The pass percentage of students of Science, Arts and Commerce streams was 35.24 per cent, as only 4,47,115 students could pass out of a total 12,40,168 students, who sat for the examinations.
7776	The pats cheated the injury report again!
7777	The peacemakers now comprise a legion of old men, looking back on their mistakes.
7778	“The Peanut Punch” was his signature move, and his former head coach and close friend, Lovie Smith, has a contraption espousing this football concept in his current team meeting room.
7779	The Pedersen Funeral Home of Morris is overseeing arrangements for Tom Campion.
7780	The Pentagon says it supports “in principle” a proposal by senator John McCain, the head of the US Senate’s Armed Services Committee, to increase military funding for the Asia-Pacific by $7.5 billion.
7781	The people elected him because he gave them hope of a different path forward and a vision for what West Virginia could be, not a continuation of what it has been.
7782	The people he studied seemed perfectly healthy with half the normal amount of PAI-1, so at this early stage there is no real indication that inducing this mutation would be dangerous.
7783	The people they now worship so much that they can’t shut up about them?
7784	“The people who volunteered their time and those who donated money toward the project deserve to be heard and see this park remain in Mt. Union for years to come.
7785	“The perennial problems of landlessness and rural poverty have made farmers more vulnerable and helpless in times of calamity,” Flores said.
7786	The performances will take place in the Southwest elementary building (north of the water tower), at 529 East Pineville Road, Washburn.
7787	The person with close military ties said the army and police were “trying to blame each other” for alleged atrocities.
7788	The Petit de Grat Red Caps clubhouse (left) and a canteen and washroom facility are two of the structures on the property containing the large ballfield in Petit de Grat.
7789	The photographs also showed them relaxing on the outside terrace of a beachside property as they celebrated America's Labor Day holiday on Monday.
7790	The piece is the brainchild of Portuguese artist Artur Bordalo, who has landed in Ireland this week to spend five days creating the art installation, part of his series Trash Animals.
7791	The pilot episode has been shot and sent to the channel concerned.
7792	The Pirates (63-69) saw a two-game winning streak end and fell eight games behind the National League Central-leading Cubs.
7793	THE Pit Bull Powerlifting Club in the South competed at the popular Arnold Classic Africa 2017 and held its own.
7794	The plan document states the system aims to “realize an annual reduction of over 1/2 million gallons of diesel fuel” in the coming years.
7795	The plane, with a nod to the financial backers, was named the Spirit of St. Louis.
7796	The plan is for the one-story, 17,500-square-foot Peoria facility to occupy 3 to 4 acres, according to Nierstedt.
7797	The plan Sunday was to carry 10 satellites into space for Iridium Communications Inc., which wants to establish a constellation of satellites to deliver mobile communications capabilities on land and on ships and airplanes.
7798	The players were convicted in 2013 of raping a West Virginia girl at a party.
7799	The player who denigrated Hernandez publicly said he thought he would be suspended.
7800	The Plymouth County Fair Board will meet for their monthly meeting Thursday, April 13 at 7:00 p.m. at the Plymouth County Extension and Outreach Office.
7801	The point Cas made is that in trying to compensate for the loss of Morgan and Hotchner they have added too many characters.
7802	The police boss said that the Force would partner with government, stakeholders and traditional institutions toward ridding Nigeria of insurgencies, kidnapping, armed robbery and other crimes.
7803	The political danger is that the proposals will now be seen as an attempt to buy Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s release and ease the pressure on Johnson.
7804	The poll found the other candidates, Doug Schweitzer and Jeff Callaway, would capture 15 and two per cent of support, respectively.
7805	The poll was released by Media Research Group early Thursday.
7806	The pontiff presented Mr Trump with a copy of the encyclical as a gift during his Vatican meeting.
7807	The popularity of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has waned since he first won elections in 2015.
7808	The popular retreat center remains closed, with an early January date set for reopening.
7809	The population of the borough went from 1,385,107 to 1,455,444 during that period.
7810	The Portland Press Herald reports 40-year-old Silvino Orduna-Cabrera pleaded guilty Aug. 31 and was sentenced Monday to time served — about two months.
7811	The post Martin Landau Wiki: Cause of Death, Net Worth, Movies, Wife, Kids & Facts to Know appeared first on Earn The Necklace.
7812	The Powell County Health Department will be offering a free diabetes self-management program in October.
7813	The PPP/C Government made much progress during the period October 1992 to May 2015 in addressing the very land issues President Granger’s Commission is now being tasked to address and more.
7814	The PP proposes that the amendment aligns with the French and the Portuguese Civil Codes, which already recognise pets as living beings, different from humans and other forms of life such as plants.
7815	The prayers in Appendix II of the translation may be offered by any member of the clergy or the lay faithful.
7816	The premiere of “Emerald City,” the NBC fantasy series based on the “Land of Oz” book series, was third in its Friday 9-11 p.m. time slot and tied for 59th for the week, averaging 4.485 million viewers.
7817	The Premier League joint leaders, managed by Jose Mourinho, expect simliar revenues during the current financial year.
7818	The premises of the Dera comprise of educational institutions, markets, a hospital, stadium, recreational areas and houses.
7819	The pre-poll surveys suggested that BJP will gain ground in the state in these elections with Congress and SP alliance also winning somewhat equal number of seats.
7820	The president continued to vent his frustration that the Justice Department isn’t investigating Democrats, particularly Hillary Clinton.
7821	The President has given his assent to four supporting legislations, putting the July 1 rollout of the new regime on track.
7822	The President is also not required to be sworn in with a Bible - you'll find that some didn't even "swear," but merely "affirmed," while others only said, "I do," when asked if they "solemnly swear" to uphold the office.
7823	The president, over the last several months, lost confidence in Director Comey.
7824	The president said he had asked for updates from the National Disaster Prevention Centre, and the authorities were monitoring the situation and would meet immediately to coordinate their response to the quake.
7825	The President says Nigeria’s unity is settled and it is non-negotiable.”
7826	The president was already facing a backlash over his firing of the FBI director and accusations he tried to end an investigation into the former national security adviser -- which the White House denies.
7827	The President, who was received at the helipad by the Emir of Daura, Alhaji Faruk Umar Faruk, abandoned the motorcade as a large number of people had already gathered around the helipad, snaking all the way to his house.
7828	The press noticed.
7829	The Pricey Touch Bar-Free MacBook Pro Wants to Be Your Next MacBook AirThe Pricey Touch Bar-Free MacBook Pro Wants to Be Your Next MacBook AirThe Pricey Touch Bar-Free MacBook Pro Wants to Be…
7830	The Pride of Britain Awards are a chance to celebrate the remarkable achievements of ordinary people, but bad-tempered tycoons Alan Sugar and Duncan Bannatyne used the event to trade insults.
7831	The Prime Minister will meet with the Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzō Abe.
7832	The prince has been campaigning in the UK to encourage people of all backgrounds to be tested for the disease and publicly took a HIV test with pop superstar Rihanna on World Aids Day last December.
7833	The private Dogan news agency reported Friday that the three children were caught up in an electrical current in the pool at the park in the town of Akyazi, in Sakarya province.
7834	The problem, as in the “strong vinegar” or “getting up in anger” idioms, was probably related more to style than content.
7835	"The problem has resulted from the way vehicles using the automated tolling system are classified.
7836	The problem is that G40 is full of shit people who can not carry out practicals.
7837	The problem stems from a line of parking spaces on Chapel Lane which when full, narrow the carriageway, forcing the drivers of large vehicles to mount the kerb on the opposite side of the road, or risk hitting the wing mirrors of parked cars.
7838	The process is simple: throw them in and wait for them to cook.
7839	The process of becoming a refugee is a thorough and long process.
7840	The producers of Arrow seemed to realize the same thing at some point.
7841	"The production has cast women this season who are serious about making a connection, and not just wanting to become famous on the show," the source added.
7842	The program also provides support to the winners for development.
7843	The program, announced this morning will start Sept. 12. It’s the latest “Un-carrier” initiative from the Bellevue, Wash.
7844	The programe is being implemented by the National Youth Employment Programme, the Ghana Health Service (GHS) and the Metropolitan, Municipal and District Assemblies (MMDEs) in 56 communities in the Ashanti and Eastern regions on pilot basis.
7845	The programme launched since Feb 15 is free and yet employers are still taking an indifferent attitude on the matter.
7846	The project’s findings however have uncovered a phenomenon suggesting rates of lymph node spread are being overestimated, potentially leading to overtreatment of patients with chemo radiotherapy.
7847	The project will likely go out for tender early next year, Lee Robinson, general manager of public works and environmental services, told county councillors last Tuesday.
7848	The proof is that you have access to contracts.
7849	The proposal already tarnishes Texas' business brand and threatens economic damage.
7850	The proposal also stipulates that residents participating in the program register with the city and permit staff to “attend and inspect” their properties “as deemed necessary.”
7851	The proposed plan contains many other elements, including repurposing some town-owned properties and redeveloping a number of industrial properties.
7852	The prospective candidates are requested to register and fill choices online during the period given for the schedule for registration and choice-filling, as no further chance will be given for registration and choice filling.
7853	The prospective robber, described as a white man in his 30s, arrived at the bank in a dark-colored car.
7854	The province said the school would have space for 600 students, and will address enrollment pressure in the area.
7855	The public defender’s office would be located in the back half of Ionia County’s Circuit Court after $107,855 in renovations, with another designated confidential meeting space to be located inside the Ionia County Sheriff’s Office.
7856	The Publix is part of a 3 part project called Midtown 20. The third phase is currently under construction.
7857	The PUP is a part of Belize’s power structure.
7858	The purpose is to offer a more seamless experience for comprehensive radiotherapy departments and further improve patient care.
7859	The purpose of a cleanse is simple: rid the body of toxins and unnecessary intake, and refill with good, wholesome nutrients.
7860	“The purpose of this registry, which everyone recognizes to be a substantial limit on an individual’s freedom, is to protect vulnerable people,” he says.
7861	The question of what can be offered to the North Koreans “is a conversation that should be happening both with the public, with Congress and with the North Koreans, instead of having this imaginary conversation about war scenarios,” said Delury.
7862	The questions I now have are whether the police will protect the citizenry and will the military stand up to a foreign threat that has taken the Commander In Chief?
7863	The question with Feeney is not skill-related.
7864	The quiz show host incorrectly attributed Billy Connolly's banana boots to artist John Byrne rather than their true creator Edmund Smith.
7865	The Raiders made it a one touchdown game with a 15-yard run by Miller to shrink the Scots lead.
7866	The raids were conducted by the Nellore ACB sleuths following information about large-scale corruption in the municipality.
7867	The rains after Hurricane Harvey flooded more than 100,000 homes in the Houston area.
7868	The Rams face another strong opponent as they host their biggest rival, Brunswick CC, this weekend.
7869	The Rams need to build further on a very young and talented roster.
7870	The Rams open the season on Friday, September 7 at 4 p.m. with a match against Saugus at Gannon.
7871	The Rangers turned to Brooke Lesperance after the first inning and she worked two scoreless frames before the Marines scored four more runs in the fourth.
7872	The Rapides Parish Sheriff’s office responded to the fifty-eight hundred block of Old Boyce Road at approximately 6:30AM in reference to a fire located in the road side ditch.
7873	The rapper put the "Real Time with Bill Maher" host on the hot seat over his blunder last week when he dropped N-word during a banter with Sen. Ben Sasse on his show.
7874	The rapper, whose under house arrest for failing a drug test and violating bail conditions, has been requesting that a judge allow him to leave the state of New York.
7875	Thereafter, the Higher Education Council (HEC) worked with professional bodies on a fresh assessment after some affected universities reported to have fulfilled the requirements.
7876	The real estate investment trust reported $0.17 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.06.
7877	“The reality is we did not convince him to do that.
7878	“The reality is workers have been treated as mere tools of production to be abandoned at the employers’ discretion,” he said.
7879	There almost certainly would be major humanitarian relief operation, at the very least.
7880	The real reason people are now interested in bitcoin might be much simpler: because everyone else is.
7881	The real story you should cover is why are those kind of commercial delivery trucks in a area with no stores.
7882	There are 17 Chapters to deeply display the Europe Body-Worn Camera market.
7883	There are 40,000 acres of property that could be built on without having to settle it.”
7884	There are 6,000 items in total — sculptural silk ball gowns and cocoon-shaped coats and a tobacco-brown chenille-embroidered lace coat once owned by Wallis, Duchess of Windsor — all shrouded in calico garment bags.
7885	There are about 21 apartments in the complex.
7886	“There are about eight other lawmakers who contested for the Speaker”s Office with Rt.
7887	There are a few standouts, though, and for the purpose of time, we will highlight two.
7888	There are already other trees to look at here."
7889	“There are also lots of plugs and marker boards so whatever you want to do, I think it’s there.”
7890	There are also two APTDC vessels, but usually only one of them is operational.
7891	"There are always religious zealots, but as the leader of a startup you need to limit your own influence.
7892	There are bigger fish to fry, and there are real problems in the world."
7893	There are currently several bills that are pending in the Legislature addressing fund earnings.
7894	“There are different ways to handle that and in high school you can get away with a lot of hothead stuff; you can get aggravated with yourself.”
7895	There are drunks that would be more rational in their thoughts.
7896	There are issues at school, with boyfriends and even with one another, all issues that young people everywhere can relate to.
7897	There are no right answers to how we go about driving the right behaviors, it is going to be different for all businesses and mistakes are going to be made, but that's OK? because change is never smooth but is incredibly exciting.
7898	There are not enough cybersecurity grads to fill cybersecurity job openening.
7899	There are other issues in regards to shale, including the fact that the prime acreage in major fields like the Bakken and Eagle Ford are getting crowded with more and more wells.
7900	There are others who don’t appreciate surprises: if they are giving their time to a retreat they want to know what is being asked of them.
7901	"There are outbuildings at the rear which have been maintained in a sound state at considerable expense but at present contribute nothing towards income.
7902	There are prizes up for grabs as well.
7903	There are reports that a car has crashed after being involved in a police chase through Crystal Palace this afternoon.
7904	There are roughly the same number of entries this year as last, with two new exhibitors, including Nolan Potts.
7905	There are so many first round busts that I’d probably want to trade my first round pick every year if I were a general manager for a team.
7906	There are so many lies, it is getting hard to keep track of them.
7907	There are so many things going on in “Outré Lux”: beats skitter with nimbleness, synths flare rudely, McFerrin’s vocals exude earthly warmth when they aren’t manipulated into sound smudges.
7908	“There are so many ways in which eclipse day is going to resemble a zombie apocalypse,” Speck told the space news website.
7909	“There are some people who can’t be rehabilitated.
7910	There are tons of current bands that meet Drake’s price range within the latter’s sphere, like Cage the Elephant, Ben Rector and Young the Giant.
7911	“There are top caliber animals consigned.
7912	There are two congressional probes examining Flynn's actions and two more looking at whether anyone connected with the Trump campaign interacted with Vladimir Putin's regime when it was interfering with the 2016 presidential race.
7913	The reason Sloan got a raise, in turn, is that he was recently promoted to CEO, after his predecessor, John Stumpf, resigned in the wake of the fake-account scandal.
7914	The reason why I mention this is because the same bags really do help in easily spotting your group and can be very useful to help you not get lost.
7915	The Rebels cut the lead to 14 on the last bucket of the game, but that was the closest the tournament hosts would be to closing on Syracuse after the opening 18-0 run.
7916	The recent upheavals in Gambia caught them completely off guard.
7917	"The red light flashin'll stop you like traffic/Niggas know whats hannin', police don't know what happened/I ain't a DJ but I'll start Drama with this Cannon" he spits, giving off an impression of early Lil Wayne.
7918	There driving down at the gonna stop it and they're gonna talk.
7919	The Red Sox right now are number one in the American League on on base percentage.
7920	Therefore, be careful how you do your business.
7921	Therefore, Paul makes the point here that death comes not because of succeeding progeny’s repeat of the same sin that Adam committed, but by virtue of his depraved state, he, man, is in a state of dying from the moment of conception.
7922	Therefore, she thinks attracting new business should be a priority.
7923	Therefore we think taxpayers are shifting income to 2017 from 2016" hoping for a tax cut, she said.
7924	The regimen hit its key goals in a Phase 3 trial.
7925	The Registration Form must be signed by the student and a parent or guardian.
7926	The regulator has also suggested that companies offering M2M services using unlicensed spectrum like the one used for Wi-Fi should be covered under licence through a new permit to be called Unified Licence (M2M).
7927	There had been several near-misses with motorcycles, and club members had rescued 4WDs belonging to non-club members who had got themselves stuck.
7928	There have, of course, been some comments on online articles about how “climate change is not happening.”
7929	There, her mother Nicole worked with animals.
7930	“There is a fake investigation taking place against me on television every night,” he said.
7931	There is a great opportunity to take your whole family to the orchestra… for free!
7932	There is also a Kids Fun Run, silent auction, uniform consignment and bakery.
7933	There is also strong demand in Europe and Asia, where large lobsters are being used for sashimi in large cities such as Seoul or Taipei.
7934	There is also the question of what fundamental rights a copy of a biological original should have.
7935	There is also Unorema, Mafans Angu Dairai and Dzefunde, which songbird Pah Chihera featured.
7936	There is a master stateroom with a queen bed and a second stateroom with settee, side lounger seats with footrests that convert to an additional sleeper, for those entertaining multiple guests or for residents who have children.
7937	There is a monthly charge for Medicare once you sign up.
7938	There is a new theory that one of the security men riding in the car right behind him mis-handled his weapon and it went off hitting Kennedy square in the back of the head.
7939	There is an open mic strictly for musicians on Friday nights.
7940	There is an unmistakable bond between humans and animals which is so often expressed in the impulse to pet any animal on display.
7941	There is a suspicion that investors will closely scrutinize December’s FOMC meeting for fresh insights on monetary policy in 2018 and whether economic projections are trimmed down.
7942	There is, however, a glimmer of hope.
7943	There is low financial risk with a high reward; few congregations or rabbis would turn down the opportunity to welcome college students.
7944	There is more on the line for him than simply defending his boss.”
7945	There is never a shortage of strength and courage when Destiny embarks on a venture, and she’s always positive that the end will always justify the means.
7946	There is no instance of Israeli prejudice exercised against the Palestinians, no act of violence committed against them, that does not simultaneously dishonor and debase the Jewish religion and people.
7947	There is no need to change the system.
7948	There is no possibility (especially in the near term) of an invasion or war with Iran.
7949	There is no possibility to stay overnight on the boat nor to hire the boat without captain and sailors,' Uber said in a statement.
7950	There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
7951	There is no sky-piercing obelisk, no haunting roster of the fallen, no sacred shrine to Wilson himself.
7952	There is not a more popular song for funerals than Vince Gill’s somber yet uplifting afterlife ballad.
7953	There is nothing she can say or do now to get back where she was and she only has her arrogant self to blame.
7954	There is no upgraded seating on the return leg YOW-EWR.
7955	“There is no way that we can depend on a private company for the distribution of grants.
7956	"There is really not an answer at this point to this question.
7957	There is still no central crisis centre where all who have been affected can go and get help.
7958	There is very little momentum there.
7959	The relationship between the Presidency and the National Assembly (NASS) has, for some time now, been a sort of cat-and-mouse game.
7960	The remaining files are advertising software, which is not considered malicious by default, but in many instances, can cause private information exposure and other risks.
7961	The remarks by Mudarikwa, at the official handover of an irrigation scheme sponsored by World Vision in Mudzi district, cannot go unchallenged.
7962	There may also be a component of substance abuse.
7963	There may be minor clashes to start with, but these could be dealt with by the two police forces (combined?).
7964	“There might be deaths,” Deschanel added.
7965	There might be some uncomfortable features of this struggle against harassment and abuse.
7966	There must be a reemergence of what God originally intended Christianity to be.
7967	The renewable market diversifies our customer base and is much less sensitive to the ups and downs of oil price.
7968	The report also analyzes technologies supporting and benefiting from Digital Twinning.
7969	The report also identifies priority policies and programs that Iowa legislators and other stakeholders can consider as the state moves forward with addressing the opioid problem.
7970	The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global Bale Net Wrap market for 2017-2022.
7971	The report further provides detailed information about strategies used by top key players in the industry.
7972	“The report highlighted excellent practice in areas such as training and the quality of assessments of foster carers.
7973	The report, originating at the Guardian, claims that the FBI had sought broad surveillance powers over four high-ranking members of President-elect Donald Trump’s campaign during the election, claiming them to have had contact with Russian officials.
7974	The report provides key statistics on the market status of Global and Chinese Pinellia ternata manufacturers and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the industry.
7975	The report quotes Hernandez’s former agent Brian Murphy saying today there was “absolutely no chance” that Hernandez killed himself.
7976	The report says he was remorseful.
7977	The report warns on inflation from another direction: "The higher inflation has given the green light to the Fed to raise rates, and if Trump spending and tax policies are implemented, rates are likely to rise faster than most currently expect."
7978	The requested URL /opinion-what-s-not-to-like-about-jeremy-corbyn/story-30478495-detail/story.html was not found on this server.
7979	The requested URL /the-audi-tt-rs-is-a-serious-sports-car/story-30472322-detail/story.html was not found on this server.
7980	"There's a few things that need a little improvement," said Wheeler.
7981	“There’s a general agreement that type 2 diabetes is a risk factor for various types of both structural and functional abnormalities in the brain,” said Dr. Donald C. Simonson, a co-author of the study and an endocrinologist specializing in diabetes.
7982	There’s a great deal of discovery they went through, according to Mai Ishiwata, “I wasn’t really linked with Indian styles, and discovering all these things, such as the languages of the body and how it communicates is very important.”
7983	There’s a high number of fatalities across the country every year that are attributable to boating under the influence.
7984	"There’s a lot of golf to be played.
7985	There’s also a certain look that Streeter tries to find in her models.
7986	There's also bittersweet recognition for veteran gay rights activist Peter Bonsall-Boone, who died just weeks before receiving the honour after a long cancer illness.
7987	There's also motorcycles, speakers and other electronics up for auction.
7988	Theresa May has ruled out taking part in TV debates during the general election campaign, raising the possibility that broadcasters could host debates without the prime minister.
7989	Theresa May hosted a private dinner for the Daily Mail editor, Paul Dacre, at 10 Downing Street last year, the government has disclosed.
7990	There’s a special tulip-planting event planned for September 30 too.
7991	“There’s been a crazy amount of emotion this whole series,” Baayoun said.
7992	There's been a lot of news this week about Aucklanders and their rates bills.
7993	There’s been more gravy than I expected.
7994	“The rescuers, even if guided by altruism, tended to help Jews they knew personally,” wrote Finkel.
7995	The research conducted by Media Matters shows that these claims are not only unfounded but that schools with inclusive policies have experienced no problems of harassment, mistreatment or incidents as a result of the policy.
7996	The research report on worldwide Egg Packaging market provides an extensive analysis of current market size, Egg Packaging trends, drivers, challenges, Egg Packaging opportunities and problems as well as key Egg Packaging segments.
7997	The research shows that if all 134 respondents claimed Universal Credit rather than legacy benefits at the end of January 2017 there would be a net reduction of £2,923.55 per week paid out to claimants”.
7998	The research study involved 50 music therapists working for Chroma who provide more than 17,400 hours of support to more than 500 patients and clients.
7999	There’s easy, cheap 1990s nostalgia, which usually takes the form of some sort of BuzzFeed quiz or something.
8000	“There’s just a big difference.”
8001	There’s no potter’s wheel or kiln, just swift, precise movements of her fingers.
8002	There’s nothing like reading a good comic or 16 on a warm summer’s day.
8003	“There’s nothing wrong with the numbers,” said Mr. Hall.
8004	“There’s not many feelings like that one.
8005	There’s not really any follow up or action to go with it.
8006	There’s no upcoming election to distract everyone.
8007	“There’s no way that it’s not surreal on some level, but he belongs there,” his proud mom said.
8008	There’s plenty of evidence some Germanic culture remains, not least in the profusion of beer houses and the annual Oktoberfest celebrations.
8009	“There’s research on that,” he said.
8010	There’s room in those faces for pride and purpose, but also anger, suspicion, even hostility.
8011	"There's so much excitement and empowerment.
8012	“There’s so much good storytelling on TV.”
8013	The rest of the sales drop, the chain said, was due to lower sales in non-book categories, where comps were off 6.9%.
8014	The result is a balanced, aromatic, jaw-droppingly pricey way to get your caffeine fix.
8015	The result is that most people have no idea how to describe what sounds good or bad to them.
8016	The result is that persons livestreaming such crimes may not be punished for the act of livestreaming itself.
8017	The result keeps Tony Pulis' team in eighth place while Stoke drop into the bottom half of the table.
8018	The result of the run-off was a resounding defeat for the MPP and its candidate M. Enkhbold.
8019	The results are sometimes wonderful (Wolf Hall), often pretty good (War and Peace) and occasionally no more than enjoyable fluff (Downton) but they are all recognisably from the Masterpiece Theatre school of historical drama.
8020	The result was a hammer blow to Chris Hughton’s side, who were hoping to capitalise on Newcastle’s slip-up against QPR.
8021	The retail box is surprisingly compact, but still contains everything you need for the initial set-up, and the potentially messy two-in-one home-and-portable concept has resulted in an impressively neat package.
8022	The revelation that Famicom Mini’s demise is only temporary seems to lend support to this theory.
8023	The Review is a legal requirement for the Chief of the New Zealand Defence Force under the Veterans’ Support Act 2014 and is being independently led by Professor Ron Paterson.
8024	There was actually AV program director for the motor racing network now we're actually on pit road.
8025	There was a lot of plastic surgery.
8026	There was also a wildfire stopping traffic earlier on Friday on the inbound Banfield.
8027	‘There was a time when I was like, ‘Just kiss me!
8028	There was a warehouse outlet nearby that sold it, but availability wasn't guaranteed, so she'd buy 10+ loaves at a time and freeze it.
8029	“There was even one scene where Jacob asked to fit the costume just because he was curious.
8030	There was no argument over that until the internet got into full swing.
8031	There was no financial help from Washington.
8032	There was no sign of sister Miley, so it made for an adorable daddy-daughter date, complete with the two hanging out in the audience, just the two of them.
8033	There was nothing the keeper could do to prevent James Collins from notching on 52 minute though as some lovely play on the right between Lee and Jack Stacey saw the full back deliver a cross to the back post.
8034	There was one in particular that always struck me, for Axe Chocolate spray.
8035	There was so much local fund raising that I didn’t even get to see the show stopper and only knew who won by checking here on the internet.
8036	There was so much over explaining and monologuing in the first 3/4 (and was it just me or was the pretentiousness of the dialogue choices jacked up to an insane degree?) and then the resolution felt rushed.
8037	There were 10 great personal bests achieved; well done to Peter Hosking, Peter Cronk, Yvette Tew, Ralph Widmer, Fi Richardson, Trent Hamilton, Donna Lancaster, Ina Kelly, Jenna Samson and Janelle Forrest.
8038	There were 193 guns stolen from vehicles in 2016 and 151 in 2015, according to police.
8039	"There were a lot of other business things in play at that time, and still today, that 21st Century was involved in, and that was a business decision that they made."
8040	“There were a lot of people making shoes in Johannesburg and there was no business, so we decided to move to Cape Town after our sister told us there was no one making them here,” says Blessing.
8041	There were more warm words for the Party's leadership on the beach.
8042	There were some positive measures: reducing the interest rate charged on student loans by 2.5 per cent is a good step and reducing the PST on electricity for businesses – towards its eventual elimination – is a positive move as well.
8043	There were times when Bobby would get sloshed, then go onstage.
8044	There were two main reasons why the stock got thwacked following the report.
8045	There will also be an opportunity to sign a petition for those statues' removal, as well as a discussion of ways to keep city and state officials accountable to working toward their removal.
8046	There will be hands-on family art activities, face painting, and garden tours for all.
8047	There will be LED flow artists inside with black lights and a disco ball, with fire flow artists enjoying the outdoor atmosphere.
8048	"There will be more representations of sport and nation, and the art of it, which will mix different medias such as performance and projections."
8049	The RINL achieved a positive gross operational margin during the third quarter of the current financial year, which gives confidence that the year 2017 would achieve positives in all areas of its operations.
8050	The rise of bitcoin also coincided with the tipping point of the financial crisis in Cyprus, when it was announced individual savers faced a one-off levy in order for a eurozone bailout to go ahead.
8051	The rise of clone apps offering limited functionality and mediocre usefulness had contributed to the App Store’s long-standing problems with surfacing quality software.
8052	The robbers fled in a blue Audi.
8053	The robber was unaware of their presence, and continued to load a cart full of merchandise.
8054	The Rockefeller Foundation last year teamed up with the Unreasonable Institute to challenge entrepreneurs to help fight problems such as homelessness, food shortages and lack of education, CNN reported.
8055	The rooms have excellent views of the ocean, pool, and garden.
8056	The roots of that tree run deep.
8057	The RTN is hosting the International Fleet Review 2017 in and around Pattaya Bay to mark ASEAN’s 50th anniversary since its founding.
8058	The ruling Awami League-led grand alliance consists of 14 parties while BNP-lead alliance has 20 parties.
8059	The rumours have been circling for some time with Kohli asking BCCI and the selectors for time off having played non-stop cricket over the past 48 months.
8060	The run was short-lived, however, when the Crimson Hawks added three runs during the top of the fifth, a run in the sixth plus three more insurance runs in the seventh.
8061	The Russian went on to lead their contingent in all four events at the London qualifiers before bagging four medals at the Olympics.
8062	The safety of vinegar had previously been assessed in an aquarium setting where species known to feed on or associate with CoTS were placed in a tank with starfish injected with vinegar.
8063	“The said publication is an obvious ‘April fool’s’ day prank that is also intended to cause mischief.
8064	The Saints added a good new safety, 3 good new linebackers, and a good new cornerback to go along with the other good CBs coming back from last year’s injuries.
8065	The sale of our nursing facility operations should significantly enhance shareholder value, focus our attention to our higher margin and faster growing businesses, and advance our efforts to transform Kindred.”
8066	The sales made Apple the world's top smartphone vender in the final three months of last year, overtaking Samsung, according to industry tracker Strategy Analytics.
8067	The sales, revenue, and price analysis by types and applications of Air Cooled Synchronous Condenser market key players is also covered.
8068	The Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro gets an Always-On display mode that shows the time, date, and notifications, if any when the phone is in standby.
8069	The Sarnians beat Romania 3-1 in their final pool tie to secure a first ever win at European level.
8070	The saying in AA that the way you do one thing is the way you do everything.
8071	The scammer fell for the ruse.
8072	The scientists have done their part.
8073	The scope of the investigation was reportedly enlarged following testimony that was gathered from 15 suspects.
8074	The score at the final was unaltered, and was Worcesters 2 goals, Navy 1 goal.
8075	The Scottish Conservative leader, Ruth Davidson, has told supporters that there are no longer any "no-go areas" for her party, as she tried to establish the Tories as the main opposition to the Scottish National Party.
8076	The script, from is based on the bestseller by (a follow-up to Larsson’s series).
8077	The sculpture itself displays a mixture of organic and mechanical elements, in an homage to the German Expressionist and theatre director Erwin Piscator.
8078	“These 15 tankers are doing 50 to 60 trips in the city per day,” Mr. Ganesh said.
8079	The search for escaped prisoner David Watson, 28, is now being conducted by the U.S. Marshals Service.
8080	“These are American values, and we are going to prevail in the end,” Wiener added.
8081	These areas had the highest number of calls for service, violent crime, poverty and concentration of residents with a high school diploma or less.
8082	“These are campaign promises.
8083	These aren’t exactly new Resident Evil titles per se, but perhaps Capcom is testing the waters with the Switch release to see if future Resident Evil titles could eventually find their way onto the console.
8084	These aren’t the products that I use when consuming television, beer or snacks necessarily, but they will forever be in my head due to sheer exposure.
8085	“These are required items … that are medical necessities.
8086	These auroras are caused by energetic particles streaming along Jupiter's magnetic field lines, and Bagenal says there should be strong electrical currents associated with all those streaming particles.
8087	“These benefits encompass everything from boosting self-esteem to higher scores on college entrance exams.”
8088	These code words were born of this fear of "Mexicanization" and were used "in conjunction with mischaracterizations" of MAS, its educators and students, Pitti explained.
8089	These competing concerns often lead to family feuds and, in extreme cases, lawsuits.
8090	The second clerk on duty overhears this noise, comes out and sees the suspect, the shorter one, and proceeds to chase him.
8091	The second game of the weekend featured a matchup against a Waterloo team that had defeated the Lions last season by a score of 67-55.
8092	The second M-88 that was sent out managed to get everyone on to solid ground.
8093	The second part of the conversation is always the part that I’m waiting for to see really why they called.
8094	The second recommended book is Sweet Clara and the Freedom Quilt.
8095	The second would be the "Mac Jr.," a mini-version of the original, which has just one patty, drops the middle bun, and clocks in at less than 460 calories.
8096	The secretary also firming up his anti-Assad stance saying it’s clear to all of us that the reign of Assad’s family is coming to an end.
8097	The sections of the PDP which deals with new entrants state: “A person who desires to rejoin the party after leaving it shall -
8098	The security council last imposed sanctions in August, targeting North Korean exports.
8099	The sedan will be offered in 1.6-litre MPI petrol motor as well.
8100	“These days have a way of helping move people to action,” Scanlon said.
8101	These delayed the time line for the delivery of the project.
8102	These demands are either ploys by patronage politician’s eager to get hold of resources or slogans pretending to be concrete recipes for change.
8103	“These drugs are very expensive, but the drug company has given it to us for free to do the trial in the UK, which will be a big benefit for the British patient.”
8104	These help the hearing impaired with an audible indication of when it’s safe to cross.
8105	These images of the sun were captured at the same time on Jan.
8106	These improvements will ultimately enhance the walkability and image of downtown and improve the aesthetic quality of the community.
8107	These include granting rights of citizenship to legal EU immigrants, eliminating import taxes on food from outside the EU, and stopping “paying the EU £200m per week”.
8108	These Lesnar feuds have been really good lately actually, the Joe feud, Summerslam feud and Strauman.
8109	These local growers and producers played a large role in Holden’s decision to relocate to and start a business in Western North Carolina.
8110	These men clearly share some important wiring.
8111	The semi-official Fars News Agency described the men’s rush for photos with Ms Mogherini, as “strange”, accompanying images with the hashtag “selfie of shame”.
8112	The Senate adopted Mr Sani’s interim report which contained the allegations and, thus, resolved to call for Mr. Lawal’s suspension and prosecution.
8113	The senator is expected to appear before the panel on September 6, 2017 at 11.00am, according to a statement on Wednesday by the commission spokesman, Ikechukwu Ani.
8114	The senators discussed the downside of the third-party doctrine, the legal theory that people who voluntarily give information to third parties like banks and phone companies have no expectation of privacy.
8115	These numbers mean that once Harper hits free agency, he will likely smash the record for largest contract.
8116	“These officers can't get home and can't afford the prices the central London hotels are asking for.”
8117	The series is still ongoing, but the question it seeks to answer — is there a Phoenix-style barbecue?
8118	The series is tied at one victory apiece after the Penguins posted a 1-0 win in Game 2 in Pittsburgh on Monday.
8119	The service go-live will, like all CLS initiatives, be dependent on corporate governance and regulatory approvals, as well as market readiness.
8120	These sanctions are expected to cut about a third of North Korea’s $3 billion in annual export revenue.
8121	These scholarships are awarded locally through each partnership to graduating high school seniors planning to pursue a bachelor’s degree in an agriculture-related program.
8122	The session has been organised by Inclusion Ireland, Donegal Down Syndrome Association and Special Needs Parents Association.
8123	These stories draw the UDCCE team together and are evidence of witness to encounters with Christ.
8124	These storms will move into our state after midnight tomorrow night.
8125	These tents accommodate destitute former South West Africa Territorial Force (SWATF) and Koevoet soldiers and their families in Katutura Central.
8126	The seven episodes HBO provided are consistently brilliant, sure and mindful about tying up loose ends.
8127	The seventh graders won 49-15, and the eighth graders won 50-25.
8128	“The seventh hole, where I landed in the water hazard but still managed to save par from 20 feet, was the turning point.
8129	The severe weather Saturday evening was mostly constrained to just north of the Virgina border where the stalled frontal boundary sat.
8130	The SFL-TAP also coordinates job fairs through a partnership with the Chamber of Commerce’s “Hiring Our Heroes” program.
8131	The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 808 ($10.22) per share, with a total value of £145,440 ($183,984.
8132	The Shchukin Collection” exhibition at the Fondation Louis Vuitton, there is good news.
8133	The shirts they wear in competitions are neon green emblazoned with a turtle carrying a globe on its back.
8134	The shocking incident occurred ahead of the FIFA World Cup Asian qualifying match between Saudi Arabia and Australia.
8135	“The shoot is some performance and some facial expressions, sort of like acting,” said Jack Met, explaining the concept of the video.
8136	The shop sets up the engine, pedals, transmission, steering wheel and the like to show off what the engine can do in whatever poor, unsuspecting car customers decide to plop it into.
8137	The show also draws attention to the history of the Savitsky museum, which is as remarkable as the works it holds.
8138	The show does drag at times – the second act especially feels really long in spots – but the dancing more than makes up for it.
8139	The sides also exchanged views on the official launch of the International Decade for Action “Water for Sustainable Development, 2018-2028” and an International Conference on the Implementation of the new Decade, to be held in Dushanbe in 2018.
8140	“The Sierra Club calls on President Trump to join the international community in recognizing that man-made global climate disruption is happening, and that the United States should be a leader in stopping it.
8141	The Silly Season has arrived in Ndlambe, which means that opportunistic theft is rife.
8142	The singer doesn’t have to say a thing to loom over the culture.
8143	The sisters say this treatment in the winter isn't unusual, Livingston Avenue does get plowed sometimes but it largely goes ignored for far too long.
8144	The sixth installment of the art walk, which began this past February, will take place July 16.
8145	The sixth-seeded Indians were handed a loss by an extremely tough, talented number three-seed Westborough team, losing 5-1.
8146	The size of the data lake is therefore likely to grow, so scale-out storage, such as that provided by Dell EMC Isilon, will be another important element of the technology infrastructure needed to support the development of precision medicine.
8147	The size of the potential target could go larger over time.
8148	The skin will be perfectly crisp and the flesh will be super moist with a fabulous flavor imparted from the teriyaki and orange.
8149	The skipper feels the team is ready for the clash.
8150	The small bombs, he explains, should have caused all the remaining mines and explosives on the ground floor to detonate.
8151	The small group that opposes the pope will continue to speak out and occupy more space in the media (which inflates their voice) than they have in reality.
8152	The small thick ball called Rour, made with a piece of tree, is what the players kick, with a stick curved from its lower tip, to the scoring point (Lem).
8153	The smile on the faces of these kids.
8154	The snake owner is scheduled to appear in court on Jan.
8155	The snippets are more often dynamically generated based on the user query and content found in both the meta description and the content visible on the page.
8156	The so-called Golden Crescent that has driven Virginia’s economic growth was shown to be too dependent on defense industry dollars.
8157	The soccer player took to his Instagram account on Friday, February 17 to share a series of pictures taken during their family trip.
8158	The socialite advises other women in the spotlight to mind their lives and not others, and that they should learn from their mistakes for them to become better people and even more successful.
8159	The softball championship was the area’s first state championship since Troy won in 2007.
8160	“The sole manufacturer with WHO GMP Ms Cipla stopped production of the syrup formulation without prior intimation to NACO.
8161	The song is plaintive and full of tension, and Cameron does a fine job conveying its power as she sings, "I know what being lost is."
8162	The son of Alabama sharecroppers, Lewis at the age of 15 first heard Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the radio.
8163	The sound and light programme at Mysuru palace will soon be available in English and Hindi too.
8164	The South East is top of the pile, seeing 317,787 sales.
8165	The southern Italian restaurant is having friends over — and you’re invited.
8166	The space includes a 90-foot bar and a wall of lockers painted in Lions colors and sporting huge video screens.
8167	The specialists will also continue to work and support participants even after the study and until they leave or complete the treatment court.
8168	The specialist’s work will be evenly distributed to four of the current positions.
8169	The spirit that led Peres to push adamantly -- and repeatedly -- over decades to establish a peaceful coexistence between Israel and its neighbours can seem hard to discern in the current incarnation of the Israeli government.
8170	The spokesman said the hunger strikers are being monitored by medical staff.
8171	The spokesperson added that no targets had been set for prisons to become smoke-free “They will only become smoke-free when it is appropriate to do so,” they said.
8172	The Sports and Fitness Nutrition Supplements market report helps to develop knowledge about Sports and Fitness Nutrition Supplements industry to new entrants who are looking to enter in the industry.
8173	The sports offered at the 2017 Summer Deaflympics include 21 disciplines, among them are 16 individual sports and 5 team sports.
8174	The spring will come," we set a timely quiz asking "What do you know about tree planting and care?" accompanied by "amazing" footage.
8175	The squad then grabbed a meal around the area before heading back to the hotel.
8176	The standoff continued for about three hours as police negotiators spoke with the man, whose name wasn’t released.
8177	The star recently revealed he struggled with appearing on stage by himself, following the death of his brothers Maurice and Robin.
8178	The starting line-up is predictably strong, but the bench has a major element of the unknown to it with the selection of the uncapped Vaea Fifita and Jordie Barrett.
8179	The star was identified by WASP, a planet-finding experiment run by several universities.
8180	The State Department guidance clarifies that right now, “there are no plans to seek to re-negotiate or amend the text of the Paris Agreement.”
8181	The State Department said earlier Friday that it had already revoked some 60,000 visas, so even if the stay survives appellate review, it's not clear whether many travelers from those countries will be immediately free to enter the country.
8182	“The State does not allege that the victim suffered bodily injury as a result of Wadsworth’s crimes,” Justice Thomas Lee wrote.
8183	The state is the economic hub of the country and a functional transportation system is the catalyst for economic activities.
8184	The state legislature has not overridden a governor’s veto since 2013.
8185	The statement continued, “Another of AGRiMED’s goals is improving the quality of life for as many people as possible.
8186	The statement further said the EEOC found no cause for claims against UPS and dismissed the allegations.
8187	The State will be at liberty to recover the said sum from the respondent and his team of police officers who had conducted the search.
8188	The stations include GTV, GTV Sports+, Metro TV, Max TV and Adom TV.
8189	The statistics show the number of reported killings statewide increased by more than 46 percent between 2014 and 2016, the highest level since 2000.
8190	The stock had a good run in the past, aided by good revenue and profit growth.
8191	The stock had a trading volume of 1,712 shares.
8192	The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $40.
8193	The stock picked up $1.46 to $62.
8194	The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $105.
8195	The stock’s market cap is GBX 5.96 billion.
8196	The stock was sold at an average price of $17.42, for a total transaction of $348,539.36.
8197	The stock was sold at an average price of $736.35, for a total transaction of $638,415.45.
8198	The stores closing include locations in Ashland and Hayward, Wis., Ironwood, Mich., and Bemidji, Minn.
8199	The storm surge was about 5 feet and had nearly filled it.
8200	The storms will provide little rainfall.
8201	“The story is incredible and I wanted to be part of the cast because I can connect this story,” Stirrett said.
8202	The story of a troupe of black actors rehearsing for a condescending white director, just before the Civil Rights era, it was written in 1955 by black playwright Alice Childress and ran off-Broadway for 91 performances and grabbed an Obie.
8203	The Strait Area business community honoured its best last night with a fall awards dinner at the Port Hawkesbury Civic Centre.
8204	TheStreet cut Huron Consulting Group from a “c” rating to a “d+” rating in a research note on Monday.
8205	TheStreet raised shares of Select Medical Holdings Corporation from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, April 13th.
8206	The strike was in response to a chemical gas attack carried out on Tuesday by President Bashar al-Assad against his own people, which killed at least 85, including about two dozen children.
8207	The striking commonality among these rules is the scale of the campaign contributions and the political connections of the affected industries to the sponsors of the legislation.
8208	The strong performance by Chile’s left-wing parties in Sunday’s election left conservative presidential frontrunner Sebastian Piñera facing a tight battle to win a December runoff and likely opposition to tax breaks in Congress if elected.
8209	The strong role of non-governmental organisations and community-based initiatives to deal with humanitarian issues prompted the governments to sit down and find a solution.
8210	The structure of principal salaries needs redesigning to enhance the state’s ability to attract strong school leaders, and teacher pay should be aligned with the compensation of similarly situated professionals.
8211	The student’s name is currently confidential while his family is being notified.
8212	The study authors suggest treatment options that might effectively prevent FNAIT-related miscarriages by targeting natural killer cells.
8213	The study measures key indicators such as prevalence of Colorectal Cancer derived from epidemiological analysis, percentage of patients diagnosed with Colorectal Cancer, and percentage of patients treated with a therapy.
8214	“The success of Amazon Studios is a perfect example of how there is an opportunity it seems because of the new platforms, as long as you’re modeling your cost structure appropriate to that opportunity,” she said.
8215	The success of Northern Lakes College is based on the passion and dedication of our staff.
8216	The sudoku winners will represent the country in the 2017 World Sudoku Championships in India and 11th BRAND’s Sudoku Thailand International Open, according to MTG president Isidro Aguilar.
8217	The suit caps off a historic offseason for Mr. Triple Double.
8218	The summit will help ICT professionals understand the latest and most technologically advanced security solutions available and how they can be applied to their organisation.”
8219	The sum of $1800 was paid to one hundred and sixty-two delegates each and the amount was paid based on the information they received in a letter; that the payment was made through a bank transfer to Inter-world Exchange Corporation.
8220	The sun has been out all day, hardening greens that had been soft and receptive earlier in the week.
8221	The sunset at Grand Haven State Park on March 11, 2015.
8222	The Supreme Court’s last day before summer recess is Monday, and there is speculation that any news out of the high court could come then.
8223	The surveillance photo shows two young men, apparently running through an alley -- a city garbage can is shown in the background -- one of them holding something that looks like a small, white purse.
8224	The Survey also noted that the growth in digital tech like cloud-based services is happening at a much faster pace and the companies have to learn new technologies and reskill.
8225	The survey yielded a 41 percent response rate as well as detailed data that supported preliminary findings.
8226	The survival of some of these names – one or two of them painted in the old-fashioned way on a brick factory wall – is both a surprise and a reminder that manufacturing still accounts for 10% of the UK economy.
8227	The suspect displayed a knife and demanded Oxycodone, Percocet, and Hydrocodone from the pharmacy.
8228	The suspects broke the shop front window and made off with an undisclosed amount of goods.”
8229	The suspense-filled movie reached its climax when the untamed adventures of Janice will later bring strife and a devastating outcome between both sisters.
8230	The suspicion that Warwickshire are a team tiring was hammered home by Mark Stoneman, who began London life with a magnificent 165 after Ian Bell opted to let Surrey bat first at The Oval.
8231	The Swabb family said they hope to be able to stay connected with Dominique’s family on social media to see her grow up.
8232	‘The swimmers are working on making the next step in transition from the Australian Youth teams to the open level of competition,’ Craig said.
8233	The system called Dogdrones was developed by the founders of Tinki.nl and by the center Space53 of testing drones.
8234	The system's electric thrusters can propel the radar to be positioned in any location in the Pacific Ocean, according to the Missile Defense Agency.
8235	The talks represent a coup for Moscow, which has evolved into the main powerbroker since its military intervention in September 2015 to shore up Assad.
8236	The teacher unions have no interest in improving education for black students.
8237	The teacher was taken to the Maumelle Police Department for processing and was cited, authorities said.
8238	The team drafted center Chase Roullier and, as always, have multiple college free agents looking to make an impression before the team departs in mid-June.
8239	The team has 124 wins and only one loss in league play in the last seven years during its championship run.
8240	The team have partnered with Médecins Sans Frontières and the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness to help prevent the estimated 5.6 million avoidable cases of blindness globally every year.
8241	The team still couldn’t regroup from there, and the Patriots cruised to the end of the set.
8242	“The teams we played this weekend, I’d argue that two of them were good opponents, St. Cloud and Duluth.
8243	The team swept the Arizona State Sun Devils that are winless in Pac-12 play this year, 3-0.
8244	The team tweeted out photos as well.
8245	The team went 6–1–1 in round-robin play, including a 6–6 draw against Western, the team they would eventually meet in the final.
8246	The team would be comprised of 258 armed officers, but only 30 are new police positions.
8247	The technical defense, which you have surely heard, is that a president has a legal right to declassify anything he chooses, on the spot.
8248	The Telangana-based club, founded just two years ago, signed Jagne on a deal that will see him stay at the second-tier side until after the summer with an option to extend.
8249	The tempo is just like the records you remember from the bands mentioned above from decades ago.
8250	"The terrier-type player that I look at and love, or the one in the last four or five months that throws the towel in and his hands in the air at his team-mates, which I do not like.
8251	“The terrorist’s identity has been established by security forces and his potential whereabouts have also been determined,” Kaynak said, describing the man as a “specially trained” member of a cell who carried out the attack alone.
8252	The Texas Department of Public Safety says 41-year-old Trooper Damon Allen was killed Thursday following a traffic stop on Interstate 45 near Fairfield, about 90 miles (145 kilometers) south of Dallas.
8253	The theme of the weekend is “Capitalism… The Only True Pathway to Freedom!”
8254	The theme this year is "Paradise of Orchids."
8255	The third child jumped into the drum to rescue the other two, but unfortunately, all three died,” Ghaziabad District Magistrate Nidhi Kesarwani told The Hindu.
8256	The third is exclusions.
8257	The third-place match was won by Abubakar Tafawa Belewa University (ATBU) Bauchi who beat Lagos State University (LASU) 1-0.
8258	The threat specifically mentioned an entrance to a library as a target.
8259	The three campus food pantries and the NW food market are well versed in doing just that.
8260	“The three defendants on trial are not the foot soldiers.
8261	The Tigers end this week with three straight home games.
8262	The tiger, whose gender is not known, has apparently moved again in the Shivni and Karwa areas of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve buffer.
8263	The tight end led the Eagles in receptions (8) and receiving yards (93) on Sunday.
8264	"The time is always now."
8265	The timing of the article prompted criticism, including from within Mr Johnson’s own party.
8266	The Titans were close to making the playoffs for the first time since they made it to the divisional round in 2008.
8267	The title refers to the deep red soil of Prince Edward Island, home to two of the three trio members, and it symbolizes a return to the roots of Franco traditions that Vishten exemplifies.
8268	The toe-curling footage features the young lad balanced precariously on a balcony ledge.
8269	The Tom Brady comment is purely a non-sequitur, meant to distract from the fact that he clearly has no idea what he’s talking about.
8270	The tomb was built sometime around 1388 by Maqbul Khan son Junan Shah.
8271	The top 16 high-school teams and the top 16 middle-school teams in the National Finals will win $1,000 for their schools’ science departments.
8272	“The Tories must now act on clearly expressed will of Parliament & pause its roll out’’.
8273	The Toronto protest came a week after workers in Montreal marched in front of Boeing’s downtown office and the U.S. consulate.
8274	The tourism industry caters to visitors who are willing to tip for good service, Diaz said.
8275	The Tourists struck out a season-high 15 times.
8276	The townhouse complex in the 200-block of Avenue O South will consist of eight one-bedroom units, 10 three-bedroom units and eight four-bedroom units.
8277	“The town I grew up in is like a lot of small towns.
8278	The town of Bailey has a new interim chief after the abrupt resignation of police chief John Ennis, who had led the police department since October of 2015.
8279	The Toyota Quest sport utility commercial vehicle involved in the accident with number plate – FKJ 297 AJ coming from the rammed into a moving Iveco truck from behind killing all occupants.
8280	The traditional western New York-style pepperoni pops into cups when cooked.
8281	The trees themselves weren't moving, Groot-style; instead their population centers shifted as saplings sprouted up in new areas and trees in older areas died off, the Atlantic explains.
8282	The trend is a boon for those suffering from celiac disease, a gluten-sensitive autoimmune disorder.
8283	“The trend is not going to weaken; it’s going to increase.”
8284	The tribespeople also accuses the Forest Department of doing little to alleviate their woes.
8285	The trio namely Seun, Ayo and Dare are suspected serial scammers who dupe unsuspecting members of the public using different tricks to rip them off their valuables and immediately desert the scene without a trace.
8286	The trip down memory lane continued with the next act, 2 Live Crew, whose members aren’t that much older than Onyx but are so poorly preserved that they could pass for their fathers.
8287	The trip has enormous political significance as the Royal Family are being seen as key assets in the British Government's effort to woo Europe - as well as develop trading links in other parts of the world - following the Brexit vote.
8288	The trooper attempted to pull the blue Chevy extended cab pickup over, and a slow-moving pursuit ensued involving law enforcement from Camden County, MSHP and Camdenton City police.
8289	The true figure could be as high as 100,000 people, Amnesty International estimates, as communities who have lived and continue to live under a pall of fear and without confidence in the authorities have not reported other cases.
8290	The Trump administration’s new South Asia policy announced in August gives India center stage in South Asia.
8291	The Trump base love what they've heard about the migrant ban, the eviction of illegal immigrants, the jobs pledges and a lot more besides.
8292	The Trump organization said it would not settle.
8293	The truth is almost always a matter of whether a filmmaker was able to capture the spirit of a beloved book without having all of a novel’s dense details, which would probably make a movie several hours long.
8294	The Tufts Union hosted a student panel titled “The Role of Greek Life at Tufts” on Tuesday night in Braker Hall.
8295	The Turkish giants will bear all costs related to Mapeza's trip.
8296	The TV star vowed to get inked if she made it to the next stage of the competition and she has now told fans she's going through with it.
8297	The tweet, accompanied by a photo of three women holding signs against sexual assault, was originally posted by Larry Elder, a California radio and TV personality.
8298	The two boys – Faisal Hussain Awan and Ahsan Khursheed – were believed to have crossed over the border as they wanted to run away from their homes under pressure to perform well in studies, according to the Pakistani government.
8299	The two circled the world and landed on the mat in the number one spot to take home the first-place prize.
8300	The two countries are of the view that enhanced trade cooperation can be achieved by encouraging the respective private sectors to invest in each other's economies.
8301	The two have never met.
8302	The two men met in 2003, when Culberson started dating his future wife, Buckley's daughter Julie.
8303	The two of you standing there armed.
8304	The two projects would cost a total of $28 million, with the RTC contributing $18 million.
8305	The two properties were said to have been bought last year.
8306	The two teams were supposed to play December 16th, that was postponed due to weather and then rescheduled game on January 10th was also postponed.
8307	The two-week competition came in two waves, with the first group of athletes arriving in late July.
8308	The two were confronted by the business’ 64 year-old owner, who the suspect then began beating with metal pipes.
8309	The UGA campus has eight libraries in total that hold thousands of books, many of which are probably on your syllabus as well.
8310	The UK is an outlier,” he says.
8311	“The UK’s creative economy stands tall on the world stage,” James Murdoch, chief executive of 21st Century Fox, said last week.
8312	The U.K. secretary said London still plans to boost defense spending even though the British pound has fallen in value since last year’s vote to leave the European Union.
8313	The ultraconservative kingdom is ruled by Shariah law.
8314	The under pressure Chancellor also dropped in gags about Kezia Dugdale joining I'm a Celebrity and told Jeremy Corbyn's MPs: 'If Labour carry on like this there'll be a lot more people joining her saying: 'I'm Labour, get me out of here'.
8315	The unemployment rate edged down to 5.3 from 5.5 percent in November.
8316	The U.N. estimates that about 750,000 civilians may be left in western Mosul.
8317	The Union County Courthouse, the City of Union Municipal Building, the Jonesville Municipal Complex, and Carlisle Town Hall, and the Lockhart Town Hall will all be closed Thursday and Friday.
8318	The union representing Ohio prison guards and other workers said the shift would disrupt the consistency for the staff, the inmates and their families.
8319	The United States and China need to fight together in this regard.
8320	The United States has frequently lost such cases since NAFTA came into effect in 1994, and the mechanism has hindered it from pursing anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Canadian and Mexican companies.
8321	The upcoming AI hackathon, which is being held on 18 and 19 February at TCD Innovation Academy in partnership with Microsoft, Atlantic Bridge and TCD, is the brainchild of Neill Gernon of machine learning start-up Atrovate.
8322	The updates include a new kitchen, new hardwood floors, a new roof, and an interior and exterior paint job.
8323	The upper floor of the house is comprised of a spacious master bedroom, two ensuite bedrooms, and a mini parlour.
8324	The upsurge in violence has had devastating consequences for civilians, with suicide bombings and targeted attacks by the Taliban and other insurgents causing 70 percent of all civilian casualties.
8325	The U.S. defense contractor will continue to support the operational readiness of the Indian Navy’s P-8I Neptune fleet.
8326	The U. S. Department of Justice has opened an investigation on a New Jersey city's rejection of a planned mosque, a spokesman confirmed on Tuesday.
8327	The US impasse in a dispute was noted by ambivalence.
8328	The U.S. island territory, home to about 3.4 million people, has 456 emergency shelters prepared to house up to 62,100 people.
8329	The US President ordered the firing of 59 Tomahawk Cruise missiles from the USS Porter and USS Rossinto the Sharyat airfield in western Homs in retaliation to the use of chemical weapons on civilians, allegedly by Bashar al-Assad’s dictatorial regime.
8330	The USSU said a balance between covering costs and keeping post secondary education tuition affordable must be found and issued three recommendations.
8331	The US’ turning away in 2014 was responded to by Bangkok bolstering its ties with Beijing, including buying some Chinese tanks and announcing that it would purchase Chinese submarines.
8332	The vaccine was developed during the last major outbreak of the Ebola virus, which began in 2014 in West Africa and caused a global panic.
8333	The Valemount-McBride PeeWee Wildcats won their most recent tournament on home ice last weekend.
8334	The vehicle was described as a 2017 Ford Transit Van, with a registration plate of KLZ-0301.
8335	The veteran gaffer praised his men for a solid show.
8336	The Vice President of the country, Yemi Osinbajo has reacted to the hit single dropped by the National Assembly member, Senator Dino Melaye.
8337	The victim’s injuries weren’t life threatening, cops said.
8338	The victim then used the “find my iPhone” app to locate cellphone that was left in the vehicle.
8339	The victim was in the 1500 block of Green Mountain Drive when two people came up behind him and and told him to “drop it,” a Little Rock Police Department report said.
8340	The video was later posted on the Toronto Police Service’s Instagram account with the caption, “Thanks for the video, great riding skill, but dangerous cycling behaviour… YOU now have our attention.”
8341	The vigilance sleuths also searched Sahoo’s residential house at Gokana.
8342	The village secured more than $400,000 over three years to turn the former fire hall into a library.
8343	The violence was mostly low-scale, with the facades and signboards of shops being smashed.
8344	The visitors continued to pressurise their opponents, but Telford eventually settled into the game and gained more of the possession, before finally equalising through a short corner routine.
8345	The visitors took the first two rubbers as first Sam Turner and Max Rettallack (Henley) lost to Gareth Price & Jack Herdsman (Alcester B) after a tie-breaker match 6-3, 5-7, 0-1.
8346	The visitors trailed by 17 points going into the final five minutes, but scored three tries in a frenetic finish to claim a sixth Super Rugby victory in a row for the first time since 2005 – and ensure a seventh straight loss for the limping Cheetahs.
8347	The VMA hostess's single Chained to the Rhythm is nominated for Best Visual Effects, Best Pop, and Best Direction.
8348	'The Voice' Baby on the Way!
8349	The voice will give you helpful tips to correct your form, or it’ll play a sound when you get it right.
8350	“The voters will get their information, and they’ll get it through other means.”
8351	The Walloon Lake Association works to preserve, protect and defend the quality, safety and natural beauty of Walloon Lake and its watershed.
8352	The walls of his apartment are full of Magnum-style pictures showing grim urban scenes.
8353	'The wall was basically free-standing and when three builders went in to demolish it, they could basically push it over.
8354	The wall will be joined by a mobile education center and will be open 24 hours a day.
8355	The war has failed to dislodge Iranian-allied rebels from the capital, Sanaa.
8356	“The warming potential is very high.”
8357	The Warriors celebrating after winning a point.
8358	The Washburn Ichabods led 20-10 at the break, but could not hold the lead as they were outscored 27-0 in the second half by the No. 8 Fort H…
8359	The Washington Nationals still appear to be a ways away from having Bryce Harper back in the fold.
8360	The watchdog urged shoppers to "always do your research before you head to the airport to make sure the 'deal' is not actually dearer"
8361	The way it is now, each time he sneezes, everyone yells, ‘Duck!’
8362	“The way that his pace was, the way he pushed the ball all the time.
8363	"The way they treat people or interact with people is the most important thing we can offer to citizens who have become a victim of crime in Albuquerque.
8364	The weather radar used by the National Weather Service Forecast Office in Cheyenne will be down for approximately five days beginning Monday, October 16th for technicians to install an important technological upgrade.
8365	The webisodes and shorts, which include a mix of comedies and dramas, will be showcased at public screenings in New York on August 15 and 16 before the finalists are chosen.
8366	The website stress the importance of measuring the body correctly before purchasing a scooter, as manufacturing sizes can differ.
8367	The Western powers were loathe to leave substantial oil supplies in Iraq in the control of a powerful new national government.
8368	'The West thinks the animosity with Daesh is a new thing, but we've been dealing with this for 1,400 years.
8369	The White House on Friday predicted that the investigation would back up Trump’s account.
8370	“The whole basis for East Asia’s success was this sense that everything was fair — you worked hard, you got ahead — but that is beginning to unravel a little bit,” said Sudhir Shetty, the bank’s chief economist for East Asia and the Pacific.
8371	The whole episode of the arrest and the reaction of the society to the arrest of Ashok had more than a glimpse of urban prejudice.
8372	The whole idea is to obtain and source the freshest ingredients possible.
8373	The whole Irish nation doesn’t have to do backflips.
8374	The whole sequence comes off making the NFL and NFL Network look bad, but if you stop and think about it for a minute, do we really need the NFL pushing its way forward trying to capitalize on amateur athletes?
8375	The widening and re-laying of the Nookampalayam-Perumbakkam Road, which connects several residential colonies with Rajiv Gandhi Salai and Medavakkam via Perumbakkam Main Road, has finally begun.
8376	The wide receiver had beat but he couldn’t track the ball in the air.
8377	The wider Yes movement is ready to debate, organise and fundraise to perform that role.
8378	The Wildcats will continue Big 12 play beginning in Oklahoma this weekend.
8379	The Wings will be at home again in Arlington, Texas, on Thursday (ESPN2, 8 p.m. ET) as they face 13-12 Phoenix, one of the teams ahead of them in the standings.
8380	The win improved the Panthers to 4-1 overall and 2-1 in MBC play, while Somerset dropped to 0-5 overall and 0-3 in the conference.
8381	The winner controls its own destiny and will play for the SEC championship the following week.
8382	The winners win a cash prize, a year’s supply of condoms with their artwork on the label, a donation of condoms to their Canadian health organization of choice and artist’s profile.
8383	The winner will be announced on Lynnwood Today and contacted by phone or email.
8384	The woman involved with the testicles has been sacked.
8385	The woman is described as white, and driving a late model white SUV.
8386	The woman killed by a stray bullet on Chicago’s North Side Friday evening was a longtime teacher whose death has stunned and devastated her community.
8387	The woman sees NOTHING good about Trump!
8388	The woman was later arrested.
8389	The woman who lives in Indian Village went to a neighbor’s home and called police.
8390	The woman you’ve been dating is definitely different from girls in the past.
8391	The women leader of Rumukurushi, Gloria Wali explained that the market belongs to the woman and appealed to the state government to intervene in the matter.
8392	"The words your father speaks over you determine how you see yourself," McGlasson said.
8393	The workforce analytics solutions are estimated to have greater demand in the enterprise segment followed by consulting services.
8394	The work goes in order of preference: it’s first white males, followed by white females, then black males, and only lastly by black females.
8395	The work is expected to last into October.
8396	The workshops were funded in collaboration between several departments as well as the Ford Foundation.
8397	The World Bank told AFP that tests showed the dam had “a resistance to shocks above the one provoked by the 1956 earthquake,” which measured a six on the Richter scale—similar to the strength of the quakes that devastated central Italy last year.
8398	The world is teeming with wildlife, unassuming civilians, rebels taking the fight to the cartel and of course the violent and evil cartel itself.
8399	The world's heaviest man, who at one point weighed almost 600 kilogrammes (1,300 pounds), has undergone successful gastric bypass surgery, his doctors in Mexico said.
8400	The worst part is people actually buy that bullshit when they deny saying something they just said a few minutes ago.
8401	The XPS 13 features a virtually borderless 13.3 inch Infinity Edge display, which is available with touch.
8402	The X-Wing version is not a real trim option.
8403	They added: "At the end of the Civil War, he implored the nation to come together to heal our wounds and to move forward to become a more unified nation.
8404	They affect our mutual security and by extension, our health, our democracy, our trade and our economic growth.
8405	They also found a hard drive containing a set of instructions detailing how to build a bomb, but it was not enough to charge him.
8406	They also have a patron Swiss canton backing them up with educational support.
8407	They also made a stop at the Fruitcake and Jelly Kitchen, where students were making fresh pasta, apple butter, and ice cream for The Keeter Center restaurant.
8408	They also said the Poucachiche family helped them locate the suspect and further their investigation in recent months.
8409	They also warned of a lack of more affordable homes.
8410	“They also widely assume the dates means the food is no longer safe to eat, and that is almost uniformly untrue.
8411	They angrily rowed with Ukip delegates, who they accused of fuelling racism and bigotry.
8412	“They apparently realized I was not a thug, common criminal or ordinary black man but Michael Bennett, a famous professional football player,” he wrote.
8413	They are, almost literally, paving the way for the new S Stock — a rather fitting semi-retirement.
8414	They are also about free swag and snacks.
8415	They are asked to meet at the church by 9:30 a.m. Friday for the service.
8416	They are better at relationships.
8417	They are each experiencing their own intense versions of life, one as a teenage girl on the cusp of adulthood, and one as a financially insecure mother just trying to keep her daughter and family afloat.
8418	They are essentially excusing Regina’s actions and having her victims thank her, yet again.
8419	“They are filling up, yes,” says Vickie Thrower, the General Manager of Huntsville's Homewood Suites.
8420	“They are going to know what you like to drink, what you like to eat.
8421	They are gunning for Pravin Gordhan now!
8422	They are hard hit during drought," he said.
8423	They are, it’s called compounding.
8424	They are lights out shooters, I mean they played good, but I think he (Green) had a couple turnovers early and he didn’t let that get to him.
8425	They are literally teaching students that they should feel guilty if they were raised in a normal home (2 parents with a decent family income) because that makes them “privileged”.
8426	They are more interested in your personality and character than they are about your skills and competencies, because that’s what they start to measure and to follow.
8427	They are normally found in medieval tower-houses and churches.
8428	They are not broken up yet because she has not decided to pull the plug on her and Corey completely, but a lot of people in her inner circle think that Corey was nothing but a rebound from Caitlyn anyways!” the insider concluded.
8429	They are only permitted to cross the border, guarded by immigration and customs, if their livingfamilies place their photos on the ofrenda – or the altar – in honor of their memory.
8430	They are outperforming the rest of the chain and exceeding the sales improvement targets we set out for them.
8431	They are ragging on him on the city commission article as well.
8432	“They are really bumpy, lots of dirt exposed, there’s lots of rocks exposed it’s a pretty bad mess out there.
8433	They are they won't even let this guy talked.
8434	They are undermining workers.”
8435	They are young, and it will eventually start to click.
8436	They asked residents what they think needs to change to feel safer.
8437	They begin firing at the Klingons.
8438	They called him ‘the most dangerous Jew in LA.’
8439	They can be handled by anyone and therefore are not inclined to help only their owners.
8440	They can be purchased at Buckham Memorial Library, Caribou at Hy-Vee, Farmer Seed and Nursery, Fareway Foods, Greg Thibodeau's law office, Humfeld Chiropractic, State Bank of Faribault and from Friends board members.
8441	They certainly don't hold back when judging plates of food served up by amateur cooks on Masterchef, especially if a dish isn't up to scratch.
8442	They convey a powerful message from a man I look up to and admire greatly.
8443	They could, perhaps should, have scored two or three more times.
8444	They created Kare Powder, a topical, advanced wound care dressing that allows for faster and more effective healing for chronic patients.
8445	They desperately wanted to find the boys and give them an experience to remember.
8446	They did not deem it proper to notify us that the principal was going.
8447	They didn’t know it was… Read more »
8448	They didn’t let their boy check in with no jersey on, and that’s a beautiful thing.
8449	They didn't want to see that dramatic of an alteration in the system."
8450	They do not understand that the dark ethic of ceaseless capitalist and imperialist expansion is dooming the exploiters as well as the exploited.
8451	“They don’t make eye contact when they’re sprinting," Coburn says, laughing.
8452	The yearly tradition of the Sanford Christmas Parade, attended by many in the community, was scarred this year by a shooting in the middle of the excitement.
8453	They essentially overpaid for an abandoned and neglected building without doing any diligence besides a quick drive by.
8454	They even repaired the road since it was now going to be used by human beings.
8455	They finally made the Alice (Tamara Clatterbuck) connection, but they’ll have to proceed with caution.
8456	They finished second, and lost out on the title by one point.
8457	They get to feel like they did something nice for a weirdo or got a killer to leave, so they win either way!
8458	They get to the draft and it's the same thing the bull or the bulls are the same thing at that point I think they're more likely to get rid of and Avery Bradley and I'll tell you why not that Avery Bradley.
8459	They had beyond brunch with Brad.
8460	They had heard how police were called to the Sirhowy Arms hotel, Argoed, at around 1am on 6 November 2014.
8461	They had lost by 7 points to Vanderbilt, 6 points to Texas, 7 points to Oklahoma and 5 points to West Virginia this season.
8462	They had the New Day come onto the stage to say a fourth team was being added to the match.
8463	They have a lot of kids that they look up to, and they want to be in that place at some time.
8464	They have been part of the scant majority that forbade the death penalty for minors and the intellectually disabled, and found established a constitutional right for same-sex couples to marry.
8465	They have been scoring for fun in this season’s UCL, piling up twenty one goals in the group stage, with fourteen of those coming two legs against Legia Warsaw.
8466	“They have been serosorting for years, and being undetectable is a real thing but there are so many ways of having safer sex but we don’t talk about that much.
8467	They have been the masters of their genre of music.
8468	They have collected only four points from their last five league fixtures and are unrecognisable from the team that comprehensively outplayed Real Madrid at Wembley.
8469	They have either done business with or voted for them.
8470	They have no obligation to remain in the U.S. Their departure would be quite welcomed by the vast majority of American people.
8471	They have not created these rules, but the tragic irony is that they have legitimized and encouraged the notion of national races which now ideologically underlies their oppression.
8472	They have to get the hang of it and slowly ramp up.
8473	They however, failed to pay the fine.
8474	They include everything from cooking demonstrations to blood pressure checks and flu shots, adding to its commitment to make communities healthier.
8475	They include the University of Waterloo, which is adapting low-cost amphibious homes used in flood-prone areas of the U.S. state of Louisiana for the Mekong Delta.
8476	They interviewed the trainer, the stable groom, the veterinary officer and the equine welfare integrity officer responsible for the Sampling Unit.
8477	They just get more evil and depraved.
8478	They keep shifting blame to their comrades depending on the circumstances to prove their innocence whereas in fact they should be their accomplices.
8479	They know how to exploit human misery and insecurity, and turn them into high profits.
8480	They’ll also have commemorative t-shirts to give away, face painting and crafts for kids – in addition to all of the favorite vendors!
8481	They’ll be in the water a few feet away staring at you with that creepy red eye.
8482	They’ll do your measurements, walk you through your customization options, and have your shirts delivered to the showroom.
8483	They’ll have (conventionally grown) Macintosh, Gala and Honey Crisp apples, and they have 2,000 pumpkins in 15 varieties.
8484	They looked west with dreams of expansion, wealth, and adventure.
8485	“They made the route very accessible for differently abled people, and I really like the atmosphere they’ve created here.”
8486	They meet every Sunday in the McBurney Chapel of Drexel Hill United Methodist Church and every Saturday, 5 p.m., at Epworth United Methodist Church in Palmyra.
8487	They might just pay with their lives, even if they never wear the uniform.
8488	They need to monitor their bank accounts and always have fraud hotline contacts handy.
8489	They now play their home games at Brooklyn’s MCU Park.
8490	They opened a restaurant in Kemer and is Christian is known as “Uncle Christian” by locals, and he also began to work as a guide in addition to running the restaurant.
8491	“They operate at a high level of efficiency.”
8492	They operate independently of a central bank.
8493	They perform all types of services related to vision, including eye exams for adults and children, and eye surgeries including the most advanced techniques and lenses for cataract surgery.
8494	They put the hammer to a little thing network flopping next.
8495	They’re already embroiled in some dastardly doings by the end of the premiere, but the pair have big bridge plans going forward.
8496	“They’re applying a post-9/11 regulation written to protect the nation’s capitol from attack by airplanes.
8497	They’re earning our trust; they are earning the trust of their teammates.
8498	They’re getting a few calls a week for sales and repairs, he said.
8499	“They’re going to take conflict of interest more seriously.
8500	"They're idols whose main consumers are teens but they're showing negative sexual things to them," one commenter said.
8501	They’re not closeted, and for the most part they’re not bi.
8502	"They're not even doing it for the party," Trump said as he stood flanked by Republican House leaders and rank-and-file members in the Rose Garden at the White House.
8503	They’re pretty much all criminals, having broken our immigration laws from the get-go or by not registering for asylum or legal status after they were old enough to understand they are criminals.
8504	They robbed the jewellery and then smashed the shop.”
8505	They roost communally and scatter widely by day.
8506	“They said it’s a critique of Islam, of the political system and the revolution,” Makhmalbaf said before the London screening.
8507	They said it three times to him, not no 20 times, three times.
8508	"They said they're being quite, not aggressive, but you know, 'What are you going to do?
8509	“They said they wanted to create jobs, keep jobs here,” he says.
8510	They say that they have lost themselves in it, which I hope people are able to do.”
8511	They set a “buy” rating and a $142.00 price target on the stock.
8512	They set a “buy” rating and a $33.50 price objective for the company.
8513	They settled in for what they expected would be a quiet Shabbos at home in Edinburgh.
8514	They shed light on the payouts to executives outside the boardroom, such as Chris Marks, the head of the investment banking operation, NatWest Markets, who was awarded shares of more than £2m.
8515	"They shoot up funerals.
8516	Th ey should be tried and prosecuted for war crimes and genocide, to serve as a deterrent for intending future off enders.
8517	They should bring caroline as a love interest for klaus, kill off a few characters like the gay guy, and do another body change for khol and the others.
8518	“They should put him in a room with the victims’ families.”
8519	They sound similar to a good £40 – 60 pair wired earbuds.
8520	They spoke about their life in the town of Falk.
8521	They start moving down the field and the Bengals are forced to take a timeout.
8522	They stressed the need for the government to ensure that the local bodies were provided adequate funds to take up various developmental and welfare works, especially with regard to roads and drinking water supply.
8523	They successfully contacted the cabbie who was having his break at a local cafeteria.
8524	“They talked about how Border Patrol kind of disregarded their property, cut their fences, left gates open, and how the smuggling was happening.”
8525	They termed the carnage as the worst chapter in the history of Jammu and Kashmir.
8526	They then share that information with their peers, parents and the world.”
8527	They’ve already got a new coach, and you’d assume that GM John Chayka would get at least a little bit more time before he had to worry about his own job.
8528	"They’ve beaten New Zealand and had two draws with South Africa, beaten Argentina and beaten quite an impressive Wales side at the weekend, so they’re doing well."
8529	They’ve been hot on the tail of the Pats, who are the No. 2-ranked team in the country and had occupied the top spot for a good portion of the year.
8530	“They’ve been really dedicated.”
8531	They’ve designed it, built it, and programmed it to go through two and a half minutes of commands.
8532	“They walked into our sanctuary, said the acoustics were great, and they began to sing a warm-up song, and I began to cry because it was so beautiful.
8533	“They want marriage because they want to destroy it.
8534	"They want predictability and certainty in tax regime as any mid-term tax shock can topple all their financial calculations," said one official in explaining Apple's conditionality.
8535	They want to ape the white man in all manners of ways.
8536	They want to feed tourists a better-quality product in hotels and restaurants."
8537	“They want to show that the pressure that the U.S. is exerting on Iran, they can respond with similar measures,” said Adnan Tabatabai, an Iran analyst based in Germany who is the CEO of the Center for Applied Research in Partnership with the Orient.
8538	They were able to document a threshold biomass of 35,000 tons of herring on that survey, ADF&G biologists said.
8539	They were actually flown there, all-expenses paid, by the people at Cracker Barrel.
8540	They were all slightly smaller than Okja because Okja is, as Johnny (Jake Gyllenhaal) in the movie states, truly exceptional.
8541	They were asked to allow the vehicles carrying patients and students appearing for the public examinations on the road and strictly implement restriction on the movement of other vehicles.
8542	They were getting so much attention and the hotel had such massive grounds for then to play in."
8543	“They were just more match tough.”
8544	“They were kind of afraid to open the door” Villegas added.
8545	They were likely farmhouses or homes of people connected with the fishing industry.
8546	They were manoeuvers that mimicked those performed by AlphaGo in previous games Ke had studied.
8547	They were more effective with their possession and finished the stronger and won by five points in the end, 3-14 to 3-9.
8548	They were never dating in the first place.
8549	“They were on top of us and we didn’t an answer for it.
8550	“They were reluctant at first to do things exactly how we wanted to do them.
8551	They were scheduled to hear arguments by phone Tuesday on whether to maintain a temporary restraining order issued by Seattle U.S. District Judge James L. Robart that blocked enforcement of the travel ban concerning seven majority-Muslim nations.
8552	“They were somewhat betwixt, between two different aspirations,” Emanuel told reporters Tuesday.
8553	They were watching the Bellagio Fountain show.
8554	They will be running every day and booking tickets in advance so days can be spent exploring this interactive medieval city as it celebrates this most wonderful time of the year is highly recommended.
8555	They will, of course; so who pays for it?
8556	They wonder whether they should buy $50 million in coverage or just bury their company in debt, have $1 million in coverage and say, “Here are the keys to the business” — since $1 million is a typical starting point in settlement negotiations.
8557	They would come down they won't even running an offense they weren't moving the ball at all it seemed like they were down ten.
8558	The zoo, in Regents Park, was expected to reopen Sunday.
8559	Things are, of course, not as they seem.
8560	Things could become worse.
8561	Think how healthcare reform might have been different if the Democrats had welcomed Republican participation in developing a system instead of using a historic opportunity to ride roughshod over the other party.
8562	Thinking back on his fateful 2015 accident, Thomas said safety simply wasn’t on his mind.
8563	Thinking of my beautiful cousin Billy Monger, our worst nightmare!
8564	Think of it as Polish nachos.
8565	Think of it like wielding a living fishing rod.
8566	“Think what we would have missed if we had never heard the Beatles or seen Margot Fonteyn dance: never have watched television, used a mobile telephone or surfed the Net (or, to be honest, listened to other people talking about surfing the Net).”
8567	Thirdly Max, if you think that I committed political suicide by remaining with the GDC then you do not understand the political dynamics of that time and have a lot to learn in politics.
8568	Third reading of a bylaw, to restrict medical marijuana growing to industrial zoned areas, was given Monday a at a special council meeting called to address the issue.
8569	Third, under-utilised land in cities needs to be converted into affordable housing; cit¬ies may need to revise rules and building standards to expand the availability of total housing stock.
8570	Thirteen years later the Neenah Animal Shelter has received more than $37,000 in donations as a result.
8571	Thirtha, who was studying in a government college in Channarayapatna when he fell in love with Panchami, is now a daily wage worker.
8572	This algae is a “symptom of a bigger problem, and that is nutrient run-off,” said Dorosheff.
8573	This all comes after homophobic graffiti was found at the school at the beginning of March.
8574	“This allegation fits into a pattern of obstruction.
8575	This all seems fun from the outside.
8576	This ambitious national program is based on making housing the gateway to social cohesion and to economic dynamism.
8577	This area is located in the super-high, very dry Atacama Region of northern Chile.
8578	This article appears in other versions of the August 28, 2017, issue, with the headline “Et Al.”
8579	This article prompts me to ask a question having nothing to do with the rabbi who is the subject of this article.
8580	This becomes the latest in Broad Green’s expansion into the genre game.
8581	"This bill will not arm criminals," he said.
8582	This bold new take on an old classic already has people talking, and we can’t wait to see it.
8583	This book, which is based on a true event in which a dog was used in a Jamaican community as live bait to lure a crocodile, made Williams the first Jamaican author to advocate for animal rights and to focus attention on cruelty to animals.
8584	“This brings the LGBT community more closer to law enforcement and deals with the concerns regarding people’s rights being violated,” says Williams.
8585	This brought Vision to the attention of Epitaph Records, who released Watching the World Burn in 2000.
8586	This, combined with our metal inventory at market price, $52 million, and an undrawn credit facility of $25 million, result in approximately $104 million of liquidity to service our obligations.
8587	This comes days after the single “Rain Come Down” with Ty Dolla $ign dropped.
8588	This comes less than two days after an offensive was launched to retake control of the western part of the city, which is the Islamic State's last major stronghold in the country.
8589	This construction season, crews resurfaced eastbound I-94 and replaced the eastbound bridge decks over Highway 79 and Highway 114.
8590	This content is from the “Trading Updates/Recaps” that go out to MDA Subscribers.
8591	"(This course is) just as much teaching the engineers how to handle the dogs as it is teaching the dogs how to do the job," Martin said.
8592	This does not provide a good seal.
8593	This entry was posted on August 17, 2017 at 8:09 am and is filed under Prince George's Newsz 600X120 Top Ad Bottomz 600X120 Top Ad Top.
8594	This ethos should govern our communities in the way we tackle the opioid epidemic, eating disorders, cyber bullying, sex and drug addiction, alcoholism, suicide and mental health illnesses.
8595	This failed season follows below average April-to-June rainfall which resulted in poor pasture conditions and Gu season harvests in the south of the country.
8596	This "Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces" executive order would have gone into final effect this past October.
8597	This film is a refreshing romantic tale.
8598	This flexibility suits me.
8599	This follows a number of meetings held to date between senior representatives of the Bahrain International Circuit and Liberty Media, since they took ownership of the sport.
8600	This free healthcare education program will take place from 12:10 p.m. to 12:50 p.m. in the cafeteria of Community Howard Specialty Hospital, located at 829 N. Dixon Road in Kokomo.
8601	This fund offers exposure to some of the highest dividend yielding stocks in the emerging market economies.
8602	This genetic disease, which occurs in one out of 500 people, can cause sudden death and a host of other cardiac problems such as heart failure and arrhythmias.
8603	This group also regularly tweets about and directly at each other, praising and participating in one another’s misguided projects.
8604	“This group is for anyone that needs a ride or is looking to offer space in their vehicle in exchange for gas money or other tradable services or goods,” reads the page’s description.
8605	This group started in Bothell — without the Wilson sisters.
8606	This had the advantage of seeming vaguely badass while also referencing the title of a minor Jacques Derrida book, lending it a faint whiff of inexplicably reassuring pretension.
8607	This has been the most horrific mass shooting in American history.
8608	This heinous practice — with a history in both terrorism and non-terror-related attacks — appears to be spreading.
8609	This hospital had the highest rating of all hospitals in our area.
8610	This, however, is only one of at least three deals the company is working on.
8611	This I don't think John's a very good manager I think everybody understands at this point my feelings towards him a right now the data they are problems.
8612	This image is an artist's impression of what the Apple Campus 2 will look like from above when its complete.
8613	This image was captured using confocal microscopy.
8614	“This incident illustrates once again in a tragic way what we require from our soldiers in missions and in preparations for missions,” she said.
8615	This included proposed position statements for chosen names as well as chosen pronouns and honorifics.
8616	This, in effect, means the judges have to walk quite a distance from their chambers to the halls and back and unlike its Madurai Bench, the HC buildings here do not have a separate walkway for them,” he added.
8617	This interactive map shops every recorded stop and search in over the last 20 months.
8618	This international principle is sound and logical because negotiation with the terrorists only fuels their urge to continue with their heinous crimes.
8619	This is a breakdown of current ratings for Pep Boys – Manny Moe & Jack and Penske Automotive Group, as reported by MarketBeat.
8620	This is a celebration of the Nordic countries as well as a benefit for special projects and the general fund for the church.
8621	This is a conundrum for the GOP because their all mighty free market is saying don’t drill baby, do not drill.
8622	This is actually an important free agency period for Curry, not because he has a decision to make as to where he’ll play, but because he’ll finally get a big pay day after being arguably the NBA’s best valued (i.e. cheap) contract.
8623	“This is a dangerous trend that must not be allowed to take root in the psyche of Nigerians.
8624	This is a developing story and we’ll bring you more information as we get it.
8625	This is a distinctive problem when driving or doing work or other tasks that could require a quick response.
8626	This is a double standard and the EU should give up the practice of this double standard,” he said.
8627	This is a fruitful approach adopted in some areas.
8628	“This is a great day in Clipper history, when you get a guy of Blake’s ability to say, ‘I want to be a Clipper,”‘ Rivers said.
8629	“This is a great feeling, we as ZAAA have worked hard to prepare these athletes so they are at their best going into these games.
8630	This is a matter of education and cleaning up garbage after ourselves should be the norm of behaviour,” said Abdrasheva in an interview for this story.
8631	“This is a moment the president needs to be very serious,” Kinzinger said, cautioning Trump not to be distracted by some other “shiny red ball of the day.”
8632	“This is an important investment in the future of fact-checking,” says Stephen King, the Omidyar Network’s global lead on governance and citizen engagement.
8633	This is an open and free meeting, which will be held in the Bistro at 5th Avenue at Merrill Gardens, located at 15020 5th Ave SW.
8634	This is a photo of a photo that was taken in August of 1978 during a trip to Sturgis.
8635	This is a pieta minus the mother.
8636	This is a pretty good article though many people nowadays may not realize quite how rich is the history and tradition of the CFL.
8637	This is a repeat honor for all three attorneys.
8638	This is a sentiment we’ll echo in this space.
8639	This is a summary of recent ratings and recommmendations for Gilead Sciences and Vascular Biogenics, as reported by MarketBeat.com.
8640	"This is a thing called the Atlantic Ocean," Trump said.
8641	“This is a threat of both rhetoric and growing capability,” he said.
8642	This is a very green group!
8643	This is a very real concern for business.
8644	This is a win for America and our Constitution.
8645	This is because there will be an anti-Islam protest march and rally, which is being held by two groups coming together.
8646	This is certainly shown with the several evaluations from the individuals who come to buy homework on the internet.
8647	This is definitely not me.
8648	This is especially true since the use of real estate investment trusts (REITS) is the most liquid form of making real estate a place in your portfolio, if you anticipate rising inflation as rents increase.
8649	This is exactly the setting outside Rajesh Rani’s residence in E-Block — an empty plot that has become a de-facto dumping ground for the last six years.
8650	This is exactly what metals' and miner-holders will face as the next leg(s) of the secular bull run in gold and silver starts moving upward in a sustainable manner.
8651	This is expected to change.
8652	“This is good news for the state of Rhode Island,” Mattiello added.
8653	This is interactive and comprehensive.
8654	This is just another reason for fans to enjoy its characters and its cartoon inspired world and it’s likely why so many players stick with it despite its immense difficulty.
8655	This is leading to the growth of the self-healing material market in the region.
8656	“This is more of a warm-up meet for us,” Joseph said.
8657	"This is not about national security, it's about playing politics and ratcheting up fear and discrimination," Bickford said.
8658	“This is not a regular loan, this is a loan from PRC (Peoples’ Republic of China).
8659	"This is not a time for diversionary issues as the petroleum sector is dealing with a serious national issue.
8660	This is not entirely new — Scorsese has used shifting narrators many times — but the effect here is almost ethereal.
8661	This is not unique to Polk County, but a systemic problem throughout Georgia law enforcement.
8662	This isn’t a hero thing.
8663	“This isn’t just some kind of Gulfie dust-up, where we can go out and hold everyone’s hands,” this Pentagon consultant says.
8664	This isn’t the exact same situation, but it’s close enough.
8665	This isn’t the first partnership AT&T has created either.
8666	"This is one of the biggest scandals in the country and it could have been avoided.
8667	“This is our building and obviously we want to play well here,” Eichel said.
8668	This is partly due to the unfinished first world war: Russia was in conflict within and without, and its own civil war – that great unmentioned subject that comes between the events of this film and the circumstances of its release – hovers over it.
8669	This is still somewhat early in terms of the filing period, it begins in February, so there very well could be more.
8670	This is testament to the fact that Muslim women are struggling to assert their rights because their Muslim marriages and the consequences arising therefrom are not legally recognised.
8671	This is the Broncos 26th consecutive year on Monday Night Football.
8672	This is the case of introduction of a right as a fundamental right.
8673	This is the control number that demonstrates how much money can be lost by maintaining business-as-usual.
8674	This is the fourth straight PCL championship for Columbus Grove.
8675	This is the man, after all, who played in a record 65 consecutive Grand Slams — a streak that was broken when he withdrew from last year's French Open with a back injury.
8676	This is the nail-biting moment two adrenaline junkies climb a 650-foot-tall crane after sailing across to it in a boat and dodging security.
8677	This is the outdoor natural hot spring near the Main Lodge, and according to MacDonald, grazing deer in the late afternoon often surround it.
8678	This is the second time he will be a member in the 68-seat HP Assembly.
8679	This is the show's structure.
8680	“This is the starting point of a new era of growth and development for this region,” said San Benito Mayor Ben Gomez of the 87,900-square foot facility.
8681	“This is the time for us to ensure even distribution of the democracy dividends in the state.’
8682	This is turning into his greatest season yet.
8683	This is what happens when you expect people to survive on exposure and experience.
8684	This is what is anathema to Trump and the GOP and this is why they must go.
8685	“This is what your MPs get for dozing or shouting ‘Hear Hear Hear’ in the House: Sitting allowance: K3, 000 per sitting.
8686	This is why a good PDU is very important.
8687	This is why change is constant in my life.
8688	This is why Rugare Gumbo would speak a lot.
8689	This just tracks how many times you’ve checked your smartphone, but not which apps you’re using.
8690	This kind of story needs to be included in a Wonkette anthology….or a Carl Hiaason novel.
8691	This kind of technology is being supported by Facebook’s Oculus Rift headset, Sony’s PlayStation VR and HTC’s Vive, but all of these headsets make use of external cameras and sensors to track a user.
8692	This latest article denigrating the actress’s character is similarly bogus.
8693	This law applies to Chico State and all employees.
8694	This leads us to believe Toronto will be an active buyer for blue line help at the trade deadline.
8695	This leaves many workers scrambling at year’s end to cobble together enough work hours to make rent, stave off debt and if they’re blessed, have a little extra to splurge on their kids’ gifts.
8696	This made it possible for researchers to design more complex shapes for the robot's legs.
8697	This made Saraki and other guests panic at the venue.
8698	This made the cement manufacturer to suspend its operations last December, citing technical problems and high production costs.
8699	This makes a lot of sense, and even Anissa Weier’s teachers who were interviewed for the HBO documentary talked about how lonely Anissa was and how she often cried in class because of the way her peers had treated her.
8700	This marked the 41st consecutive September and the 393rd consecutive month with temperatures above the 20th-century average.
8701	This marks the first time since the 1997 season that Radford has started conference play with a 4-0 record.
8702	This matters because the world badly needs better authentication.
8703	This may be a good decision for the courts presume all to be innocent until proven guilty.
8704	This means each pixel line is read more quickly and therefore renders more accurately.
8705	"This means it will be free and accessible to all."
8706	This medical center will serve as a basic institution for the development of private healthcare sector.
8707	This money can be invested in your company’s stock, a menu of mutual funds, or perhaps a brokerage option where you can invest in almost anything available for sale in an online brokerage.
8708	This month’s location is D.B. Pickles, 400 South Nova Road in Ormond Beach.
8709	This month, we meet Woolfe and her ambitious team as they prepare to launch a competitor to LinkedIn.
8710	This morning, I turned the girls back on.
8711	“This morning I was telling my wife, ‘Uh-oh, here's Balloon Fiesta, watch the traffic,’” said Stuart Prager, an Albuquerque resident.
8712	This Mot Hai Ba treat is a savory flavor explosion.
8713	This name hasn’t been used for the new canon version of Luke Skywalker’s Jedi, but Luke followed a similar path in the old EU.
8714	This new offering will complement Advanced Solutions’ current products and services with the latest innovation in reality capture.
8715	This often strikes Europeans as uncivilized if not dangerous to the common good, but it accounts for much of the misunderstanding I’ve witnessed both personally and professionally.
8716	This particular Halloween concert and party will be a locals-only affair.
8717	"This partnership has come at the right time as the club has been going through a difficult period.
8718	This partnership with The Brown Palace and events like the volunteer bottling are proof that Stranahan’s intends to keep its commitment to the Colorado community intact.
8719	“This pathway program offers students a kick-start in a career in logistics, and broadens the scope of opportunities available to them.”
8720	This photo was taken by a Virginia Beach resident who was in New York for work.
8721	"This place is amazing," Berube said.
8722	“This places staff and inmates at an increase risk of serious injury.”
8723	This player isn’t a sleeper, but there’s a ton of discussion about Green Bay Packers receiver Jordy Nelson.
8724	This political scientist studied the problem, and concluded that it couldn’t be — that there is no evidence of natalism working outside of widespread religious conviction.
8725	This post was first published on WTNH.
8726	“This process is referred to as an OODA loop – observe, orient, decide and act,” he said.
8727	This project commenced under the former PPP but was stalled for several years,” the statement said.
8728	“This project is finally going to get done,” said Bebee.
8729	This prompts the question: if there was a male equivalent to menstruation products, would women also sway from contributing to them?
8730	This propaganda-based document was highly effective in shaping popular opinion by appealing to the yearnings of disenfranchised white settler colonists as a means to unite against a common enemy.
8731	This pup looks like all of us after we made our first par, or our first birdie.
8732	This rationale can be applied to a wide variety of messages, and while Boehm’s was deemed offensive, it appears that the banner was not.
8733	This reaffirms the Chamber’s formation of ALL THINGS DIGITAL Economic Development Leadership Initiative.”
8734	This recipe is fudgy, creamy, chocalatey, perfectly minty, mega satisfying and perfect for sharing!
8735	This reference to God is not mentioned in the Constitution, which contains the text of the presidential oath in its entirety.
8736	This refers to a certification that a country provides a standard of protection that is “essentially equivalent” to EU data protection standards.
8737	This represents a $0.53 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.00%.
8738	“This restructuring enhances the current strengths of both schools while also creating new opportunities to cultivate excellence in research, student learning and student support services,” IU President Michael A. McRobbie said.
8739	"This scheme has given us a sense of empowerment," Msipa said.
8740	This season, Handsome Monica is the man.
8741	This story needs a happy ending involving a 16 ton weight.
8742	This story originally appeared on TIME.
8743	This story will be updated tomorrow with comments from RHS players and head coach Kevin Callahan.
8744	This stuff writes itself people.
8745	This suggests our evolutionary background involved a significant degree of polygynous, rather than exclusively monogamous, mating.
8746	“This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat.”
8747	This table compares Great Southern Bancorp and its peers revenue, earnings per share and valuation.
8748	This table compares Southwest Gas Corporation and Southern Company Gas’ gross revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.
8749	“This takes many forms, including harassment, which can never be tolerated.”
8750	This takes planning.
8751	This third-place finish marks her fourth top-10 of the year.
8752	This time, he changed the lyrics to “Mama, I just got canned.
8753	“This trip is about gaining experience, meeting with the top people in the industry, improve my abilities and making a lot of new friends along the journey.
8754	This trip is the realization of a vision Gawinski said he has for missional drama.
8755	This type of show often requires Deer Tick to spend “four hours soundchecking for essentially two different bands,” O’Neil explains, but the guitarist says “I think it’s perfect timing.
8756	This upset him apparently to the point of immobility, as he made it as far as the parking lot, where he sat and sulked over the reproach.
8757	This video was shot by a friend of mine Greg Woodfill and shows Jimmy being the first to lineup and welcome the team out of the tunnel.
8758	This was after he was asked by the Appointments Committee if he would advise President Akufo-Addo to return the two Yeminis as demanded prior to his election as the President of Ghana.
8759	'This was an unprovoked attack on the victim, who did nothing to deserve what happened to him.'
8760	“This was a really tough first road game and we handled ourselves pretty well overall.
8761	This was because a rumour had now spread across the country that Hyne was none other than George Witzoff, the notorious American bigamist said to have married and defrauded more than 120 women in the United States.
8762	This was contained in a statement sent to DAILY POST by his Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Simeon Nwakaudu.
8763	This was not a one-off.
8764	This was not the first time a court okayed his release on bail.
8765	This wasn't an accident, it was someone getting theirs for being a moron.
8766	This wasn’t the only surprising finding brought to light by the survey.
8767	This was the day that the photo was taken.
8768	This was the first time she had been to the Wreaths Across America event.
8769	This week Jeev told me to stay calm down and play my own game and not look at others.
8770	This week, multiple former Burlington College officials confirmed that the FBI asked administrators for records related to a land deal orchestrated by former president Jane O'Meara Sanders.
8771	This week’s edition includes a Chelsea "Muffin House" co-op and a lovely beach home in the Rockaways.
8772	This week's findings chime with a slew of other reports and studies highlighting the gaping gender divide across industries and seniority levels.
8773	This week, university spokeswoman Zandile Mbabela conceded that security was still not what it should be, but said a task team was working on addressing the weaknesses.
8774	“This will be a public/private partnership on multiple sides,” said Mayor Jasiel Correia II.
8775	This will be held at the CCC Fine Arts Theater.
8776	This will constitute “a double appetizer,” she said: “a seafood medley with his terrine on one side and my salad on the other.”
8777	This will have a positive impact on the fishermen, he added.
8778	This will help in harnessing solar energy more efficiently than before.
8779	This will mark Boulder Lifestyle Magazine’s fifth derby bash, and in the last four years, the celebration has raised more than $40,000 for Boulder-based nonprofits.
8780	This will not be forgotten by them.
8781	This will require a march of all voters.
8782	“This will take two more years and after its completion, we will be able to address the flood situation in Burdwan, Hooghly, Howrah and Midnapore districts,” she said.
8783	This would be a non-issue if Britain simply agreed to accept the jurisdiction of the European court of justice, as some non-EU members already do, to settle disputes if they occur in future about these liabilities.
8784	This would mean that Jamie's trousers would be seen by millions of people.
8785	This year however, things are different.
8786	“This year is about giving our customers even more quality, choice and value,” said Stephen van Rooyen, Sky UK’s Chief Executive.
8787	This year, the district had budgeted $95,300 for the lights — a figure that has not changed significantly the last few years.
8788	This year The Performers Youth Dance Company will compete at dance competitions in North Bay, Mississauga and Hamilton.
8789	“This year we saw half a dozen states enact gas tax increases,” said Carl Davis, research director for ITEP.
8790	This year we’ve started interviewing doctors, we’re not posting them anymore.
8791	Thomas Gloeckner came off the bench to get some rebounds, giving Lincoln opportunities to score.
8792	Thornberg was drawn to DCW’s work because of the broad brushstrokes represented by the varied membership and their life experience.
8793	• Thorough understanding of social media and demonstrated ability to engage audience between all platforms.
8794	Those are not people who are suffering a mild headache but, say, experience “overwhelming psychological distress” when travelling alone.
8795	Those are some of the developments now.
8796	Those choices are very much constrained by the way our workplaces are structured and they don’t reflect the reality of people’s lives and work today.”
8797	Those concerns will then be relayed to Governor Jim Justice.
8798	Those conditions do not pertain in Britain.
8799	Those constraints on the charter school parcel are the source of an ongoing dispute with APA's neighbor, an industrial park, over a narrow strip of private land that separates the school from a nearby roadway.
8800	Those estimates seem closer to the academic mainstream.
8801	Those foreign fighters who do remain are likely to continue with IS as the group morphs into what it was in its early days, some 10 years ago: a lethal insurgent force using tactics ranging from terrorist attacks to guerrilla warfare.
8802	Those groups are denying any knowledge of who sent out the postcards.
8803	Those noncitizens cast 7,474 votes in multiple elections.
8804	“Those things add up price wise so this is just another way we can help them.”
8805	Those who ate one serving of 28.35 grams of chocolate per week were 17 percent less likely to be diagnosed with atrial fibrillation by the end of the study than people who eat chocolate less than once a month.
8806	Those who took fliers on Mike James or Tyler Ulis, meanwhile, should be delighted with the result of this trade.
8807	Those who want to connect speakers throughout the house.
8808	Those winds are expected to last into Tuesday evening, Hall said.
8809	Those words, too, are a page out of the nascent Weinstein playbook.
8810	Though as of now, there is no official word about Neymar leaving Barcelona, things can move thick and fast if a deal is agreed.
8811	Though he does think he can weaponize it, so that’s nice.
8812	Though he has faced his own challenges, Ameer uses his platform to help and support those deserving of a better life.”
8813	Though it could be pricking their management, ultimately it is, we, the cane growers who are left to fend for ourselves,” rues K. Anbalagan of Sugar Cane Growers Association, Pettaivaithalai, Tiruchi district.
8814	“Though it is clear the president-elect didn’t know what he was getting in nominating Gen. Mattis,”
8815	Though Latson reports that the chance of having Williams doesn’t vary across countries or ethnic groups, different societies treat Williams quite differently.
8816	Though Sharapova beat Williams one more time in 2004, at the WTA Championships in November, she’s since lost to Williams 18 straight times — the most recent of which was at the 2016 Australian Open.
8817	Though she wasn’t a starter, Hayes played in all 24 games, including two postseason contests.
8818	Though the departures of Bielema and Andersen were shocks to UW’s system, there is now reason to believe both coaches found success here because of UW, not in spite of it, as they intimated on their way out.
8819	Though the early evolution of ASEAN focused mostly on economic issues, the grouping has increasingly been dealing with defense issues as well.
8820	Though their plans were brilliant, and their asses they did saved!
8821	Though the potatoes are just plain baked with nothing added to them.
8822	Thoughtless for a leader.
8823	Though Tony never got convicted, Tony’s Chocolonely brand was born, and in 2005 the first 5,000 Fairtrade, 100 percent slave-free chocolate bars were produced.
8824	Thousands packed into the Kelmarsh estate over Easter weekend to enjoy an array of stunts, country pursuits and fine foods.
8825	“Thousands upon thousands of young women have had their pictures here,” Hoffman says.
8826	• Threaten to immediately bring in local police or other law-enforcement groups to have the taxpayer arrested for not paying.
8827	Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and twenty-four have issued a buy rating to the stock.
8828	Three catches for 16 yards is not what fantasy owners wanted from Doyle, who’s been a flex play for a lot of people this season.
8829	Three days later, 16-year-old Indiana girl Olivia Wallhauser was bitten by a shark while swimming off South Forest Beach.
8830	Three firefighters have been injured and about 500 buildings destroyed.
8831	Three games from the Premier League will be broadcast live on TV on Sunday 19 March.
8832	Three municipalities were created out of 18 last year, and it is planned to enlarge another 24 municipalities by the end of this year.
8833	Three of Australia’s biggest outdoor media companies – APN Outdoor, QMS Media and JC Decaux – have joined forces with the powerhouse media event that is Pitch2Punch to help raise funds for beyondblue, and they need the help of the media buying industry.
8834	Three of the 13 FA Cup victories have been accomplished in the past four years, with the other ten taking 75 years for the club to win.
8835	Three of the seven one-shot covers by Jason Fabok have been revealed!
8836	Three other Canadians were killed and several others reportedly injured in the Sunday attack by Stephen Craig Paddock, 64, who positioned himself on the 32nd floor of the the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino.
8837	Three other Germans also were detained in Iraq on suspicion of sympathizing with the terror group.
8838	Three other students – Daniel Green, Kim Long and Miranda Williams – have killed themselves since the start of the academic year in September.
8839	Three schools were asked to shelter in place on Thursday as a Meridian man was arrested Thursday afternoon for two counts of aggravated assault against two police officers.
8840	Three US manufacturers began building planes built on the design of a two-seat British aircraft, the De Havilland DH-4, and equipped with the American-made 12-cylinder, 410-horsepower "Liberty" engine.
8841	Three weeks ago, West Virginia knocked off the No. 1 team in the country and then promptly dropped two of its next three games to unranked foes.
8842	Three years ago he complained that White Hart Lane’s tightness did not suit his team’s style, but they adjusted well and last season turned it into a fortress with 21 wins and two draws in 23 games there.
8843	Three years later, however, a team from the National Institute on Aging reported no significant improvement in survival rates among monkeys, but they did notice a tendency toward improved health.
8844	Through 1917, Wilson finessed an 180-degree pirouette and turned the nation toward war against Germany.
8845	Through a pixelated interface, reminiscent of the early days of video gaming (see picture), users voted to buy or sell stocks.
8846	Through inertia they still have a bottle of Johnson’s Bedtime Baby Bath (with Naturalcalm® soothing aroma essences) as body wash, though the older one is using bar soap too.
8847	Throughout the night, the music was accented by an empathetic light show.
8848	Throughout the past year, I've had the chance to try out a lot of different smartwatches.
8849	Throughout the summer he’s carried with punch and even thrown in a few dummies, feints and footwork before contact.
8850	Through ride-shares that Joel found on Craigslist.
8851	Through the 80s to the early 00s, the main driver of housing demand was decreasing household-size; which was itself due to the increasingly wealthy middle-classes buying houses while single, and increasing rates of family break-up.
8852	Through the Legal Services for Disabled and Elderly, this is a free service.
8853	THS Class Of 1972 Sets Alumni Planning Meeting »
8854	THS' Jarrett Boston gets a lead off from first during the freshmen game against East Bakersfield on April 20.
8855	Thursday, January 12, 2017 at 4:46 a.m.
8856	Thursday, May 25, 2017, at 4:30 p.m.
8857	Thus, recasting a complex history to reflect a Chinese centrality that never existed is part of China’s current narrative of power.
8858	Tickets cost around $30 per person.
8859	Tickets for Sunday's concert will go on sale on Thursday.
8860	Tickets start at $35 and are available for purchase online here.
8861	Tickets to games are FREE?
8862	Tickets will be available for $5 at the door.
8863	Tidal lagoons generate electricity by enclosing an area of sea adjacent to coastline with a sea wall, and capturing the energy from the rise and fall of tides using turbines.
8864	Tieto received €5.2 million under the agreement.
8865	Tigers, bears, a tornado money cube, a chainsaw carver, a professional midget wrestling show, a hypnotist show, Friday and Saturday 6:30 shows.
8866	“Tillerson had better bone up on nuclear power strategies if he wants to force a big nuclear power to withdraw from its own territories,” an unsigned Global Timeseditorial threatened.
8867	Tillerson may not know this, or assume that Doha will live up to its word this time.
8868	Tillerson refused to label Saudi Arabia a human rights violator, and avoided condemning Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte over thousands of extrajudicial killings carried out under Duterte's so-called "war on drugs."
8869	Time is brief to correct financial policies as President Donald Trump continues to shock people out of a US, subconsciously enlivening them to lapse to their countries of origin.
8870	Time is running out to move those dials, however.
8871	Tim has already taken Rosalie to his parents so I help myself to an egg on toast for breakfast.
8872	Tim: I’m going to.
8873	Tip your head to the side to let the water drain out, then dry your outer ear with a soft towel or a hair dryer.
8874	Tire tracks show Smith's car veered off the highway, westbound, just a short distance before the guardrail.
8875	Titled “The Alt-Right on Campus: What Students Need to Knowthe guide aims to give students a 360Ëš look at the alt-right movement, its main speakers and most importantly, suggestions on how to combat the movement.
8876	Titles don't mean much in the kingdom of God.
8877	TITN data by YCharts.
8878	Titus said it’s for his own good.
8879	To attend, register at https://www.
8880	Tobacco farmers have to be exposed to other models in case tobacco starts collapsing.
8881	To bad the bail isn’t even higher.
8882	To balance the dish Kirchner added salty, acidic, and bitter flavors to four separate applications of marshmallow creme.
8883	To be clear, Spotify is only testing these changes at this point in time so they’re not rolling out for everyone just yet.
8884	To be fair, some Americans are not qualified to contribute to an IRA thanks to income limitations, but this percentage is still shockingly low.
8885	"To be honest, I am concerned," Barnier said during a brief welcome appearance with British counterpart David Davis.
8886	To be honest, I was insanely nervous these past few days to see how people would react so thank you so much to everyone sending me all these super kind comments.
8887	To be sure, there are many ways in which Wilhelmine Germany and Trumpian America are different.
8888	To celebrate Cook Islands Language Week, Auckland Museum is displaying a case of taonga (treasures) showcasing traditional tautai (fishing) objects, and offering behind the scenes tours of our community-led Pacific Collection Access Project.
8889	To celebrate, the Office of Staff and Student Diversity, Behavioral & Social Sciences division, Humanities division and Student Equity program are coming together to sponsor several events featuring Chicano history, culture, and social progress.
8890	To come from nowhere and rise to the top wasn’t just a possibility, but a regular occurrence.
8891	To date, 48 lives have been blamed on Irma — 35 in the Caribbean, six in Florida, three in Georgia and four in South Carolina.
8892	To date, he has so far created a Farm Tourism Development Board and eventually contemplate on a Technical Working Group.
8893	To date we have serviced 391 stands at a selling price of N$120 000,” said Menette.
8894	Today, a basketball arena housing the Brooklyn Nets sits only blocks away from where you grew up and proudly helped open-up the stadium.
8895	Today, before knowing anything about India, the children recite "Humpty-Dumpty" in front of doting parents.
8896	Today he is a man.
8897	“Today I feel old.
8898	Today is the first day you can use Uber and Lyft!
8899	Today is Tuesday, Aug. 22, the 234th day of 2017.
8900	Today is Zoe Owens first day of Pre-K.
8901	Today, people in the highest-income counties in America live, on average, 20 years longer than people residing in the poorest counties.
8902	Today’s CDOT announcement is an important step to getting this vital road construction project done as soon as possible!
8903	Today Sheriff Scott Wriggelsworth is declaring October 31 to be “Paul Cole Day” in the Ingham County Sheriff’s Office.
8904	Today, that 65-year-old will live to at least 85. In 1950, 16 workers paid Social Security taxes for every person collecting benefits.
8905	Today they forgot everything."
8906	Today we can unmistakably state that in the past quarter of a century, together we succeeded in building a close and strong partnership between our nations, anchored in mutual respect and trust.
8907	“Today we really emphasized just trying to put our foot on the gas pedal and just score as much as we can,” Bartosic said.
8908	To determine how the proteins interacted beyond the lab dish and in living organisms, the researchers treated young and old mice with the NAD precursor NMN, which makes up half of an NAD molecule.
8909	To fight him, you have to beat Contender Mode, and beat Title Defense Mode, and hang on long enough in Mac’s Last Stand; Donkey Kong will eventually appear and face you randomly.
8910	“Together the DGA and the IATSE have tackled a number of challenges,” he said.
8911	Together, we must keep this issue at the forefront of the human rights agenda.
8912	Together, we will build stronger, more resilient communities and renew our nation-to-nation relationship with First Nations, Inuit, and Métis.
8913	Told ‘em they were lucky it was cold and I had knickers on!”
8914	To make it, saute chopped shallot (or onion, if you prefer) and summer squash in a large skillet; add a can of white beans, water and then big chunks of fresh salmon, grape tomatoes, tarragon and lemon zest.
8915	To many fans and critics, it was reminiscent of the surge in Seattle grunge music, which ruled the airwaves during the early to mid 1990s.
8916	To me, it was as if the world had been wrapped in bacon.
8917	To me, religion is so important to me, so I’m glad it’s important to others.
8918	To most families, Meghan Markle might seem like the ideal daughter-in-law.
8919	Tom Patrick replaces Bill Woodley, who is leaving the German lender, according to the memo, signed by chief executive John Cryan.
8920	"Tonight and against Macclesfield we might have beaten ourselves but the only team that’s beaten us is Aldershot.
8921	Too close for brain comfort.
8922	Too many concerts (Hindustani musicians perform once or twice a month)?
8923	Too plain, maybe.
8924	To paraphrase a Somali trader, how can you trust someone who doesn’t speak your language and knows only a few words of English, who doesn’t share your religion, or have any religion, and who drinks and smokes as you do not?
8925	TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – A Topeka woman was taken to the hospital after her car was hit by a truck near the Topeka Regional Airport.
8926	Toronto opened a high-speed rail line before the 2015 Pan Am Games that has struggled to reach ridership goals — so much so that the $27.50 fare had to be cut in half to attract more riders.
8927	Toronto police say they were called to the area of Milner and Progress avenues at around 8:50 a.m. Thursday after a “flammable” liquid was spilled in the area.
8928	To see Lindsey Stirling, Mark Ballas, and Kristi Yamaguchi’s s trio during Monday’s “Dancing With The Stars,” watch the video below.
8929	To spur growth again, it invested heavily in its five higher-growth “strategic imperatives” — cloud, mobile, social, analytics, and security.
8930	Total debt to adjusted EBITDA is currently above the long-term target of 3.0x.
8931	Total selling, general, and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 increased 14% to $5.1 million, compared to $4.5 million for the same quarter of 2015.
8932	“To the residents of Amona I say again: I made a commitment to you to establish a new community and I stand by this commitment,” Netanyahu said at the weekly cabinet meeting.
8933	To the second point: we still live in a thriving republic where no group is under attack by the State.
8934	“To think about all the things that we did do, and still have a chance to win, is, I think, an awesome thing to go out today and work towards, but we can’t have those things happen” quarterbacks coach Marcus Arroyo said.
8935	To think some governments still haven't changed their legislation on under age marriage, in 2017, is untenable.
8936	To this day, I owe him a lot.”
8937	To this end, Greitens has taken a position which will involve an audit of health care spending, a push to enact right-to-work legislation and major budget cuts.
8938	To this, she charged that a S.P.E.L. be cast on the audience.
8939	To those that refuse to give up their cars they will make fossil fuels impossibly expensive, while passing laws to force them into electric cars, limiting the distance they can travel.
8940	To truly become One Minneapolis, where everyone has a chance to thrive, we have to close that gap.
8941	Toulon, meanwhile, ended a three-match losing streak on Saturday when they beat Lyon 39-11.
8942	To unlimited, unfiltered, 50mbps service.
8943	Tourism is promoted in the area by the Mandurah and Peel Tourism Organisation, which plugs the region as a 'natural adventure playground'.
8944	Tourism saved Cuba from the brink of collapse after the demise of the Soviet Union in 1991.
8945	Tour the school, meet staff, learn about programs.
8946	Touted as a futuristic smart city project, Forest City spans some 1,400ha.
8947	“To wake people up,” Mulvey suggested.
8948	Towards the beginning, she writes how much she respects the writers and thinkers who have delved into what it means to be a professional woman—Anne-Marie Slaughter, Brigid Schulte, and Sheryl Sandberg top the list.
8949	TOWNSQUARE has a large video programming footprint on YOUTUBE with a Multi-Channel Network of 384 channels.
8950	Toxin levels at Twin Harbors had jumped above the action level of 20 parts per million in December and early-January that lead to a temporary closure, but have dropped since then.
8951	Traci Cowell said, "Yes, he must be accountable - the country is not a deck of cards that he can just shuffle when he feels like it."
8952	Trade between the two sides amounts to more than 60bn euros (C$83bn) a year, and the EU expects the so-called Ceta deal (Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement) to boost this by 20% by removing almost all tariffs.
8953	Trade is not a zero-sum game.
8954	Trail RCMP are looking for two thieves who stole from the Salvation Army donation box.
8955	Transcript: President George H.W. Bush Hospitalized For "Shortness of Breath"
8956	Translation: “Better him than me.”
8957	Transport Canada’s Abandoned Boats Program is taking applications for funding to assist in the removal of abandoned small boats, but the budget is only $5.6 million over the next five years for the entire country.
8958	Trauma is one reaction to Trump’s politics of fear, violence and confusion, but it’s not the only one.
8959	Travelling to another continent for a holiday is always exciting - until the jet lag catches up with you.
8960	Traynor Capital Management Inc. now owns 4,911 shares of the transportation company’s stock valued at $246,000 after buying an additional 58 shares during the period.
8961	Trench composting increases the water absorption capacity of the soil thus preventing flooding of water during rain.
8962	Tributary Waters, the company Saffo works for, offers trips down a safer section of the Truckee River closer to Reno.
8963	Trinity has small class sizes so many popular courses close quickly.
8964	Triple digit birthdays are somewhat of a rarity or so you might think.
8965	Tripoli international airport is largely destroyed by fighting.
8966	Trooper Nate Dawson’s patrol car was struck by gunfire.
8967	Troubled Japanese airbag-maker Takata purchased by supplier.
8968	Troubled times: Tribal people affected by the Maoist activity working in a field for daily wage in the Visakhapatnam Agency.
8969	Troy Holmes was the hero in net on the weekend for the Merritt bantams, who now move on to play Chase for the Okanagan-Mainline title.
8970	Truck Attacks: A Sign Of ISIS Weakness, But Hard To StopSmart.
8971	Truck driver Yang Juyong said he was unable to exit the driver side of the vehicle because it was on fire, according to reports.
8972	Truecaller on Tuesday also announced a re-disgned Android app with features to filter out spam SMSes.
8973	“Truly sad not to be playing Chummy this year,” she said, “but fans are in for a treat with Dame Harriet Walter as a new cast member and more besides.”
8974	Trump also accused China of failing to rein in North Korea’s nuclear ambitions.
8975	Trump and his wife, Melania, are expected to attend the 60th annual Red Cross Ball being held Saturday night at Mar-a-Lago.
8976	Trump and Turnbull spoke by telephone earlier Thursday and were looking forward to meeting, the White House said.
8977	Trump began by tirading next to elevators, and that is where he will end.
8978	Trump continued: “Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high.
8979	Trump got an early start on Twitter, taking aim at a favorite target, the news media – in particular, The New York Times: "FAKE NEWS!"
8980	Trump has accused Comey of having prematurely exonerated Clinton, even though the Justice Department's own explanation for the firing cited his decision to effectively reopen the probe days before the November election.
8981	Trump has long called the 1994 treaty a bad deal that hurt American workers, saying it should be renegotiated or ended.
8982	Trump has made it amply clear that “America First” really means “America Only,” and that he fully intends to break away from the community of Western democracies forged after the close of World War II.
8983	Trump has no power to repeal NAFTA on his own; that belongs to Congress.
8984	Trump himself has publicly challenged Mueller, declaring this week that the former FBI director would be crossing a line if he investigated the president’s personal business ties.
8985	Trump “missed an opportunity to decry the rhetoric of hate that seems to be surging online and in the real world,” he said.
8986	Trump/Obama/every major western leader is “weak”.
8987	Trump said as much on Wednesday, tweeting, “It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.
8988	Trump said he was working on a measure to do that.
8989	Trump said he would bar Muslims from entering the country if elected president.
8990	Trump’s been out buying clothes again….
8991	Trump's move Friday night shows the same disregard of the rule of law with which he's trying to quash the Russia probe.
8992	Trump’s trip to Las Vegas follows his travel to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico yesterday — a pair of back-to-back episodes that are testing his ability to unite and lift the nation in times of strife.
8993	Trump: “Too many people wanted to be on my council.
8994	Trump was appearing at a private fundraiser for South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster, an early Trump backer.
8995	Trump was expected by some in Washington to announce his Afghanistan troop decision while he visited NATO on his recent foreign trip.
8996	Trump will need to thoroughly think through his China trade policy as U.S. multinationals present a ripe target for Chinese redress.
8997	Trump will tell you it’s all “fantastic” and the reason it’s not happening is because of dastardly critics, including the press.
8998	Trust me they will stop smoking weed and start on crack or coca in. Once it becomes legal they won’t smoke it.
8999	Truth in Advertising has called on California regulators to investigate Goop for using "unsubstantiated, and therefore deceptive" claims to promote its health products.
9000	Trying some wine now!
9001	Trying to figure out where you and your partner should go for your honeymoon?
9002	Trying to preserve marriage for only a specific group may well backfire.
9003	Try ordering a Drunken Monkey Droptop, featuring fresh lemon, house ginger syrup, saffron bitters, a caramelized sugar rim, Copper & Kings American Craft Brandy and Monkey Shoulder Blended Scotch.
9004	Tucked away in some of Utah's least-visited pockets is a surprising array of hot and warm springs to soothe your weary bones.
9005	` Tumhari Sulu has been released all-India by Anil Thadani’s AA Films.
9006	Turkey’s Zorlu Holding CEO Ömer Yüngül said in several universities in the U.S. law faculties were teaching students about the possible crimes robots may commit in the future.
9007	Turner now has something in common with after becoming the fifth player ever to average 14 points, 7 rebounds, and 2 blocks at the age of twenty.
9008	Turnout in that race, which was won by incumbent president Uhuru Kenyatta, ultimately reached 80%.
9009	Turns out these were easier when you’re talking about somebody else.
9010	Tweet repair has been completed on Turnip’ early rage this morning.
9011	“Tweezers definitely become my pencil,” Santiago says of his work.
9012	Twelve Chinese hardware makers have already jumped onboard.
9013	Twelve teams go to the playoffs; I have never seen more than two teams get in with a negative turnover ratio.
9014	Twelve-year-old Jenielle and 10-year-old Elijah traveled with their foster parents to Orlando in April.
9015	Twenty-five of the 31 sick gulls were taken to the Progressive Animal Welfare Society (PAWS) in Lynnwood.
9016	Twenty-five years of climate negotiations have laid bare the corporate capture of the international policy processes and exposed the need to take matters into our own hands - to go to where climate change is caused and 'shut shit down.'
9017	Twenty-one candidates filed in the race by the Friday 4:30 p.m. deadline — the most in any King County contest.
9018	Twenty teams entered in Horseshoe Club at Plevna.
9019	Twins' Kennys Vargas plans to slim down, open to overseas opportunities Twins’ Kennys Vargas plans to slim down, open…
9020	Twitter, are you surprised?
9021	Two 18-year-old men, Dionte Martinez and Thomas Perkins, were arrested in connection with the shooting and charged with assault with intent to murder, unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition, according to police.
9022	Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock.
9023	TWO Apanui School teachers have big plans to bring an innovative concept in learning to their school after being awarded a joint eFellowship to develop and explore their idea.
9024	Two baby walruses met for the first time at SeaWorld Orlando last week and created the cutest moment ever.
9025	Two coaches at Dodge County High School - former head football coach John Peacock, and current head football coach Rex Hodges, have proven to be above the rest.
9026	Two days of Canadian celebrations take place in Leamington this weekend!
9027	Two goals from Emeka Atuloma and Guy Kuemian, gave the Port Harcourt based side the crucial home win but despite the advantage, Eguma has warned his players not to get complacent ahead of the return leg in Rwanda.
9028	Two guards at the multi-level parking lot maintained that their business was unaffected by the government’s measure.
9029	Two off-duty members allegedly drove off in their own cars after consuming alcohol.
9030	Two of Scarpati’s victories were close: She won her first match by a score of 1-up and the title match by a score of 2 & 1 (a two-hole lead with one hole remaining).
9031	Two other members of the five-person council weren’t up for re-election.
9032	Two people died while recreating in Carbon County over the weekend, one while rafting and the other in an ATV accident.
9033	Two persons of interest have been named in the hit-and-run.
9034	Two site-specific dance pieces combine for an innovative performance experience.
9035	Two straight Indiana turnovers allowed the Nittany Lions to cut the lead to just five with 57 seconds remaining and two missed 1-and-1 free throws gave Penn State a chance to cut into the lead again.
9036	Two weeks ago, rumors started circulating that the Netflix original series Sense8 might be getting canceled.
9037	Two years later regionally famous physicist Paul Callaghan mentioned the idea in a rousing speech at Zealandia and in 2015 ecologist James Russell and three colleagues wrote a paper in which they laid out the benefits of eradicating pests nationwide.
9038	Twycross Zoo elephants: When are they leaving and the answers to 13 other questi.
9039	Tying Republican Trump to the Republican Party should be done now so that it becomes an entrenched symbol of his identity in the minds of the average American voter.
9040	Ubaldus Raymond open the doors for those of y'all with your wives especially where people should look up to.
9041	Uber and Lyft announced plans to resume operations in Austin on Monday, according to The Texas Tribune.
9042	Uber claims they were involved in negotiations with US regulators about separate privacy violations at the time of the breach.
9043	Uber wants to develop a fleet of self-driving cars so its service eventually won't have to rely on people to pick up passengers.
9044	Uchimura knows the shining moments that have defined his career won’t guarantee future success.
9045	UCLA has implemented new campus safety initiatives since the murder-suicide in June, including trainings with updated protocol for active shooter incidents and an improved Bruin Alert system.
9046	UFO allows you to fly anywhere in the universe.
9047	UGC had $186.4 billion of first-lien primary mortgage insurance in force as of Sept. 30, with 1,000 employees and active relationships with nearly 1,700 customers, according to AIG.
9048	UK productivity growth relapsed in the first quarter of 2017 as GDP expansion slowed markedly and total hours worked picked up as employment and average hours worked both expanded.
9049	UK supermarket ‘may have infected thousands with hepatitis E from sausages and ham’
9050	Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ:ULTA) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, March 9th.
9051	Ultimately, however, his interest in art came to the forefront.
9052	Ultimately, she says, “I wanted to be the hero that I never had growing up for somebody else.”
9053	UMass was forced to play Friday’s scrimmage without one of its best players.
9054	UM’s offense continues to smolder like the flaming bag of poo that it is.
9055	Unacceptable items that have been found in green carts include clothing, textiles and pillows, but the most frequently spotted item that cannot be composted are plastic bags.
9056	UNDATED – The National Weather Service has issued afrom late Monday night into early Tuesday morning.
9057	Undefeated in conference, Arcata (8-0-1, 5-0) travels to rival McKinleyville (4-6-2, 2-2-1) on Saturday.
9058	Under Armour presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $44.
9059	Under Mr Macron’s recently unveiled budget, corporation tax is also due to be reduced to 25 per cent by 2022 – a substantial drop from its current level of 33 per cent.
9060	Understanding this collision could help physicists study weirder properties of neutrinos—and complicate their search for dark matter.
9061	Under the agreement, North Korea has agreed to freeze its existing nuclear program and to accept international inspection of all existing facilities.”
9062	Under this formula, even workers that choose not to join the union must pay their dues.
9063	Uneori, întâlnim oameni tineri cu cancer sau care sunt răniți în accidente.
9064	Unfortunately for me, she knows every one of them.
9065	Union, Tourism to host Mountain Bike race »
9066	United Continental shares initially dropped 4% on Tuesday before recovering slightly to finish down 1%.
9067	Unless, like London and the devolved nations, we pool our political influence and show a real willingness to use it, then we will be waiting for ever for a powerhouse that will never come.
9068	Unlike his teeth-chattering fear as a little boy in Portstewart his mood in Brooklyn was quiet but contained.
9069	Unlike individuals arrested Friday, Crawford has not been charged with federal crimes.
9070	“Unlike others who break laws, I am following strictly the rules that govern PNGSDP.”
9071	Unlike some Republican critics of Trump, whose voices became softer after his surprise victory, Flake has remained unsparing.
9072	Unlike the president-elect, Ross has agreed to divest himself from a vast financial empire.
9073	Unlike Uber’s land service, UberBOAT pays skippers for online waiting time, though that could change if enough sign up to ensure there are enough boats on duty to meet customer demand.
9074	UNLV Rebels quarterback Johnny Stanton (4) tries to avoid being tackled by Fresno State Bulldogs inside linebacker Robert Stanley (32) in the second quarter at Bulldog Stadium.
9075	“Unsafe foods containing harmful bacteria, viruses and parasites are indicated in over 200 diseases ranging from diarrhoea to cancer.
9076	Unsurprisingly, neither Selina Meyer (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) nor her hapless press secretary, Mike McLintock (Matt Walsh) appear to be very impressed by Spicey’s performance, according to footage from the real Veep Ketchum spliced into the Spicer tape.
9077	Until the 11th grade that is, that’s when he told mama-Grohl he wanted to drop out of school to be a musician.
9078	Until then, we are simply kicking the can down the road,” he wrote.
9079	Until the Orlando nightclub shooting, "the number of deaths caused by far-right-wing attacks outnumbered those caused by jihadism-related attacks," Ford said.
9080	Update (as of 6:45pm): Sarah Abellon-Alikes is now detained at Camp Bado Dangwa, PNP Cordillera Regional Headquarters.
9081	Updated with news that the Galaxy Note 8 may receive a 128GB storage configuration.
9082	Upon finding oneself buried alive, as an 1868 patent put it, one had merely to summon help by pulling the cord attached to an alarm bell on the surface.
9083	Upon further recollection, she believed that the jailed man had actually only stood watch.
9084	Upon high school graduation, students can opt to continue their education at EKU.
9085	Upon investigation, Ripley discovered that valuable consumer chemical products were being categorized as HHW and then burned.
9086	Up to a point, this makes perfect sense.
9087	Up-to-date LPG equipment sufficiently increases engine life, decreases engine oil pollution and the converted car has two fuel tanks, which means that its trip distance doubles.
9088	Up to now, the headquarters of the Anglican Church in Sudan and South Sudan is based in Juba.
9089	Upul Tharanga top-scored for Sri Lanka with 115 runs – his 3rd Test century and first at home.
9090	Up until 1865, the vast majority of African Americans were denied citizenship, and that was the least of their disadvantages.
9091	Up until around 5th grade, at least, children cannot stay home all day and “school” themselves while mom and dad are working.
9092	Up until now, if a candidate wanted to stand election they would need to meet a variety of requirements when filing applications to local returning officers.
9093	UpVote is a Wired and Ars Technica UK co-production hosted by Rowland Manthorpe and Kelly Fiveash.
9094	URBANA — The former Landmark Hotel is being put up for auction beginning Dec. 11.
9095	U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl (center) is escorted to the military courthouse at Fort Bragg, N.C., on Oct. 16, the day he pleaded guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy.
9096	US Department of State has expressed concern about the incidents involving the Turkish security guards and protestors in Washington, the statement on the official website of the State Department says.
9097	U.S. Diplomats in Cuba Suffer Hearing Loss After Reported ‘Sonic Attack’The U.S. has expelled two Cuban diplomats in retaliation.
9098	Use caution when traveling in the Tahoe Sierra and slow down.
9099	Use it to make the stock for your gravy.
9100	Users can interact with their BI dashboards and generate actionable business insights much more quickly than with other systems.
9101	Users will now be able to search for Stories using their location or their hashtags but only on public accounts.
9102	Use social media to show-off your jobs.
9103	Use the bear crawl as a gentle warm-up exercise or wear a weighted vest and use it as a conditioning exercise.
9104	Use video of the incident to market your skill at restoring order to dangerous party situations.
9105	Use your counterfeit money pens to check the money you receive for business.”
9106	Using available studies and clinical trials, researchers identified 10 dietary factors with the strongest evidence of a protective or harmful association with death due to „cardiometabolic” disease.
9107	Using multiple moving averages, a trading strategy known as moving average crossover trading emerges.
9108	US President Donald Trump took time during his speech at the National Prayer Breakfast to make fun of Arnold Schwarzenegger’s “Apprentice” ratings.
9109	U.S. Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-IL) of Illinois’ 9th District released a statement on the evacuation in the late morning.
9110	Usually, it’s the opposite.
9111	UW’s Jake Browning after sluggish win over Rutgers: ‘We’ve got a standard we play to, and that’s not the standard at all’
9112	Uzi has even tweeted that his music is for the youth.
9113	Vacancy rates in the purpose-built segment of the market dropped to 0.6 per cent in 2016 from one per cent a year earlier.
9114	Valentine’s Day is being celebrated by not just people in love, but by companies like Apple that in partnership with HDFC are offering Rs.
9115	Valentin may have discovered the same truth.
9116	Van Gerwen pounced to level the match and then won the decider to lift his third crown.
9117	Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 8,380,656 shares of the company’s stock valued at $91,098,000 after buying an additional 206,964 shares during the last quarter.
9118	Various animal body parts were seized by U.S. Customs at DFW airport.
9119	Various manufacturers, regions, and types are considered to analyze the production, capacity, and revenue of Fixed-route Autonomous Vehicle.
9120	Vega had spotted older tires, their whitewalls discolored and their tread low.
9121	Venables has been in and out of jail most of his life so some people really can't be saved.
9122	Venezuela's Supreme Court has been attacked by gunfire and grenades from a helicopter in what President Nicolas Maduro called a "terrorist attack."
9123	“Venezuela will take a position to defend the judicial and financial security of the republic and its investors or holders of financial instruments,” Maduro added in the address.
9124	VentureBeat: How are you looking at the ICO market right now?
9125	Venture capital deals and dollars plummeted significantly worldwide in 2016, according to the latest data from CB Insights and PwC.
9126	Verlander is 5-7 with a 4.50 ERA and 1.44 WHIP this season, and his 4.1 walks-per-nine-innings rate is the worst of his career.
9127	Very classic psychoanalysis.
9128	Vice President Doug Frederickson of Avon, Minn.-based Blattner Energy said 80 percent of new energy production comes from wind.
9129	Vickie said people have been so generous, with tickets for Conkers activity centre also being posted through her door.
9130	Victorian explorer Frederick Du Cane Godman planted it in the gardens of South Hotel lodge in Horsham in West Sussex.
9131	Victorian Treasures explores the work of leading 19th-century classical artists such as Frederic Leighton, Lawrence Alma-Tadema and Edward John Poynter.
9132	Video surfaced Sunday showing police grabbing the passenger, wrestling him from his seat and dragging him by his wrists down the aisle after he didn't want to leave the flight.
9133	Views of an honest and loyal fan.
9134	Vijay Mallya takes on media for ‘hate campaign’
9135	Vila faces several charges including Battery on a Law Enforcement Officer.
9136	Vi observed: “It has two rooms, the sides of which are wood and the ceilings covered with duck or oil cloth painted several times but not in recent years.
9137	Virginia Earsley and William Hourigan received jackets for their years of service.
9138	Virtu KCG Holdings LLC purchased a new stake in WisdomTree Trust during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $822,000.
9139	Visa Direct: Visa Direct is a push payment product platform that facilitates payer-initiated transactions that are sent directly to the Visa account of the recipient.
9140	Visit Blue House Too at 934 Watters Creek Blvd. to see this exciting new exhibit of the best artwork from the area’s finest young artists.
9141	Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Century Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:CNBKA).
9142	Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TEGNA Inc. (NYSE:TGNA).
9143	Vitale said the woman and man had met downtown and then planned to drive up the canyon, but the victim reported the man parked in the lot and raped her.
9144	Voisin is taking a break from a rigorous training schedule leading up to the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.
9145	Volunteers from the Carmen B. Pingree Autism Center of Learning placed 16,000 blue flags throughout Washington Square Park Saturday morning in celebration of Autism Awareness Month.
9146	Volunteers handed out the candles that have become a symbol of defiance in South Korea.
9147	Von Blum added he would like to see more students protesting against the recent tuition hikes and a recent state audit that found the University of California Office of the President did not disclose a $175 million surplus.
9148	Voting is the fundamental political right of citizens in a democracy.
9149	Voting underway to “Unite the Right”
9150	VP Pence should be dispatched to NYC and clap and smile for the crowd.
9151	Vumbachikwe compound is located about 8 km north-west of Gwanda Town.
9152	WABetaInfo has shared screenshots of the location-sharing feature, said to be from beta version of the app for Android and iPhone.
9153	Wages generally continued to respond only "modestly or moderately" to the tightening jobs market, with a few districts reporting "some pickup in the pace of wage growth."
9154	Wagner said that specific community center is used by people of several different faiths.
9155	Waheeda Rehman won the Best Actress award for her role in the English version of Guide at the Chicago Film Festival in 1965.
9156	Wait, Angela Merkel is on Twitter?
9157	“Waiting for You,” featuring the Smithereens, has a bit of that band’s darkness — the Smithereens are a clear influence in several of the songs.
9158	Wait means that the country has significant upside potential but that there is at least one or more negative trends that need to stabilize before considering investments.
9159	Walkers began on U.S. 301 by the state line and marched eight miles south to Garysburg, and some will continue to march until March 18 when, about 217 miles later, the protest-walk ends.
9160	Wallack Joseph made 26, while Vijay Baljit got 15. Herstelling Masters responded with 76-1 in eight overs.
9161	Wanted men taunt police with social media pictures of them.
9162	Want to see why, check out the COI findings to see how our monies were 'mismanaged' and contributed to the national deficit and by extension debt.
9163	Warner Bros. Home Entertainment will release Wolves at the Door on Digital HD on April 18th.
9164	Warner Bros just sent us a rockin new trailer for “OCEAN’S 8”.
9165	Warning: I have chosen not to edit the contributions.
9166	Was 2017 the year British sport lost its way?
9167	Washington (AFP) - Former US secretary of state John Kerry, an architect of the Paris climate accord, Sunday blasted President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the agreement to cut carbon emissions.
9168	WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has finalized his first budget for the federal gove…
9169	WASHINGTON—President Donald Trump’s tax plan, due to be unveiled on Wednesday and proposing to.
9170	WASHINGTON — Satellite manufacturer and hardware provider MDA Corp. and Earth-observation company DigitalGlobe have re-submitted paperwork to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) after cancelling the original version.
9171	Waskosky and Rybacki led the team's blocking with four successful blocks each.
9172	Wasn't expecting that offer!
9173	Was the promise really what the cops and firefighters now say it was?
9174	Was this something suggested by Flynn, in exchange for promises of actions by the Trump administration.
9175	Watch her live performance of Green Light here.
9176	Watch incredible rescue that saved life of injured dolphin off.
9177	Watching cinematic in-game footage of beachheads and tanks and humans bashing other humans to smithereens produces at best a kind of visceral numbness.
9178	Watch the Terrifying First Trailer for Stephen King’s ‘It’
9179	Watch the video below to see that.
9180	WATCH:Truck with mortal remains of a CRPF jawan who lost his life in Sukma attack,halted yesterday in Patna to let Bihar CM’s convoy pass by pic.
9181	Watch WKRG News Five this evening for the very latest.
9182	Watkins, a 6-5, 280-pound offensive lineman from Cincinnati, graduated from Cincinnati Colerain High School early and enrolled at Illinois in time for this semester.
9183	Watson is the president & CEO of Watson Healthcare & Management Solutions, which provides executive-level hospital management and operations.
9184	Wausaukee shortstop Maddison Renikow tags out Blair-Taylor’s Danyelle Waldera at second base in the third inning of Thursday’s state semifinal in Madison.
9185	Wax Tailor had a busy 2016.
9186	Way more interesting way more challenging.”
9187	Waze's "report" feature lets you tell other drivers about hazards.
9188	WBA super flyweight champion Naoya Inoue (left) and Roman Gonzalez pose for photos during a news conference to announce their upcoming bouts in September.
9189	We all know the Norway option and the EFTA is a worse option than what we have at the moment, where we get all of the rules but none of the say, but perhaps it’s the best of what’s left.
9190	We all may owe a tiny bit of gratitude to “comedienne” Kathy Griffin, who went all post-edgy this week and posed holding the severed head of the President of the United States.
9191	'We all remember the six green tomatoes in a pack for a pound, but they are getting better and the new research could offer even greater improvement.'
9192	We already have a model for how to do it in the form of the standards applied to other media.
9193	We already have customers moved in and significant demand in hand for this facility.
9194	We also agreed that a Task Force would be assigned to do an extensive study of Holy Orders, including the matter of Women's Ordination.
9195	We also expect to continue to capitalize on our market leadership to leverage short-term market dislocations as they arise.
9196	We also hope it will provide a framework for other hospitals and law enforcement agencies throughout the state,” wrote Margaret Pierce, University of Utah Health’s Chief Nursing Officer, in a statement sent to FOX 13.
9197	We applaud the FCC for continuing to remove unnecessary and outdated broadcast regulations.”
9198	We are able to set some records, which would still view on the financial side, especially in the gross margin and the growth rate of our software business.
9199	“We are a long ways away from understanding what happens after Kim Jong-un.
9200	'We are already in dialogue with Charlecote Mill and any design solution would ensure that there are no detrimental impacts on the mill or the river levels.
9201	We are also forced to choose medical providers from narrow insurance networks.
9202	We are also promoting more commercial development.”
9203	“We are asking for the public’s help to take immediate action now in preventing the spread of this mosquito, such as eliminating all standing water sources on their property.”
9204	We are continuing to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel in order to help complete their inquiry expeditiously."
9205	“We are currently working on an application that is seeking Illinois Transportation Enhancement Program funds to complete engineering studies to extend the trail south,” Davis said.
9206	We are delighted to announce his leadership role at FreeCharge," Kunal Bahl, Co-founder & CEO, Snapdeal, said.
9207	We are developing a strategy, and we are in discussions with the secretary and the department right now," Gen. Joseph Votel told the Senate Armed Services Committee.
9208	We are excited to work with Governor Hickenlooper to meet or exceed all of these important targets.”
9209	“We are faced by equally troubling challenges with regards to the provision of Early Childhood Development education.
9210	“We are far away from being the best team in the Premier League.
9211	“We are going to give middle-class Americans a tax cut.”
9212	We are going to open shops there with European brands.
9213	We are going to try to win the match but Eden Hazard, Alvaro Morata, do not deserve respect?
9214	“We are heavily involved in the community, performing at local events such as Sleaford Carnival and community fun days.”
9215	"We are here making art; we just need the resources, visibility, and understanding," Annabelle said.
9216	We are incredibly grateful that our family will be growing by two, and thank you for the well wishes,” before signing off with her family surname: “The Carters”.
9217	We are introduced to many elements of the financial world in our early twenties; however, retirement may not be an aspect we often think about.
9218	We are just senior citizens,” said Downs.
9219	“We are looking at re-skilling one million people because new technologies are reshaping the job market,” Sangeeta Gupta, senior vice-president at NASSCOM, told Moneycontrol News.
9220	"We are looking at the Asian countries in 2018.
9221	“We are looking to make the book club virtual to make it more accessible to kids everywhere,” Caldwell said.
9222	We are losing money, not making money," said Uber and Ola taxi officials in an interview with the Hindustan Times.
9223	We are much less judgemental about people we feel sorry for and we are also much more likely to reveal our vulnerabilities to them.
9224	“We are not going to give up on our community because this is our calling,” said Olayele.
9225	We are not talking about stolen to order because of the way the smash and grab was done."
9226	We are now much closer to this.
9227	We are outcast, fired, smeared, arrested, imprisoned, brutalized and killed for simply walking down the street in our neighborhoods.
9228	“We are proud of The New York Times; we feel that it provides a journalistic service that no other newspaper can match in scope and depth of information.
9229	“We are satisfied that teachers, students, guidance counsellors, did everything correctly.
9230	“We are still young.
9231	"We are the first to fear for our lives," they wrote, saying they had taken to changing out of uniform before leaving the police station for home in recent months.
9232	“We are thrilled to have an arts administrator of Simone’s caliber join us — someone who can lead that exploration of what hip-hop at the Kennedy Center can become in the coming years,” van Leer said in a statement.
9233	'We are trying to refurbish the place and make it more accessible for everyone to benefit.'
9234	We are very excited at the prospect of working with Patrick Schiavino, art629 Gallery, and Asbury Underground.
9235	We are well aware this may cause students in line to question why that is happening, but are hoping it will encourage them to use Tapingo as well.”
9236	We are willing to partner with your group in achieving that.
9237	We are wise now chairman propaganda.
9238	Wearing a fur coat, jumping off the drum riser, and parading through the audience, MGK evoked early Kid Rock.
9239	Wearing gloves to avoid fingerprints, Wilfork brought the trophy on stage and showed it off for the crowd.
9240	'We arranged for a day or two after, I went along to the bridge we arranged to meet and they were both there.
9241	We asked them to rate the material on a scale from 1 to 9, ranging from very liberal to very conservative, with 5 defined as “middle of the road.”
9242	Weaver, in a speech to a cheering crowd south of Vancouver, pledged to work so “that the benefits of a strong economy should flow to all of us, not just a privileged few.”
9243	Webb’s task force did indict one deputy for the theft and distribution of a pound of cocaine, stolen from an evidence locker.
9244	"We believe Facebook retains significant opportunities to drive upside to estimates through strong pricing growth and cost growth below current expectations."
9245	“We believe it is important for SAS to be a member of ERA.
9246	“We believe that this child was born… within the 24-hour period prior to being left at the scene,” he said.
9247	"We believe the Super Hornet is the best fit for Canada, with low acquisition and sustainment costs, advanced capabilities, and economic benefits for Canadian industry," Yeamans said in an email.
9248	We bet she wishes she could go back in time and not send this, and now, deleting it will do nothing because the damage is already done.
9249	We came to know that 2-3 terrorists are hiding in the house and we offered them to surrender but they fired upon our parties and in the retaliatory fire three terrorists were neutralized last night”, he said.
9250	We can no longer handle the risks of Iranian expansion through traditional policies.
9251	“We cannot survive it, and I am not overstating that.
9252	“We can offer advice based on what you actually need instead of what is the most expensive.
9253	“We can’t estimate how much of the workforce right now is not actually out there on the land working because of the dryness and the hazards but there are certainly contracting communities that aren’t out there in full force.”
9254	We can’t expect to have someone who is Christian like us.
9255	We can’t forget about Clark in this scene of the movie!
9256	We can’t wait to hear Emma‘s response!
9257	“We carried out the training in two batches; 25 in 2016, while the remaining 25 were trained this year.
9258	We close at 4 pm today.
9259	We consistently try to educate the public on the dangers of the ocean, however we continuously see swimmers ignore the warnings.
9260	We couldn’t see anyone onstage, but we could certainly hear them.
9261	We could win all of them and not get in."
9262	We decided to wager on the white chocolate mousse with a raspberry sorbet and black current jam.
9263	We did not know we were working for a serial sexual predator,” about 30 staffers said in a letter sent to the New Yorker.
9264	“We did not receive any information from police stations in Mumbai.
9265	“We did not want them to miss graduation.
9266	“We didn’t expect to win, we just wanted to show up and participate and promote the cause,” said Henderson.
9267	We did that with wired headsets at the low end for holiday 2015.
9268	Wednesday Night: A chance of rain and snow before midnight, then snow.
9269	Wednesday night's fracas surrounding Oakley, 53, lit up social media, with current and former NBA players bashing his ejection as "sad" and disrespectful to a fan favorite nicknamed the "Chairman of the Boards."
9270	Wednesday’s meeting comes a month after Old Town residents failed to sway the City Council from allowing Main Street West to put 78 homes on the former Crystal school site.
9271	We do not have such an economy – is that why it is so difficult for us to see this level of national debt as low?
9272	We don’t comment on individuals’ membership status.”
9273	"We don't expect Huawei will easily regain No. 1 position in 2017 in China market, mainly due to less-developed distribution channel in low tier cities and rural areas," said Strategy Analytics analyst Linda Sui.
9274	We don’t have sex.
9275	“We don’t need to use that as a motivation.
9276	“We don’t read well what is going on in Turkey right now, under Erdoğan”
9277	“We don’t really want them here if they want to kill us,” Doug opined.
9278	"We don't seem to have a problem with ball-in-hand scoring tries, we have a problem conceding," Gibson said.
9279	"We don't understand what happened, we really don't," she told the Associated Press.
9280	“We don’t want the people who are half asleep or more behind the wheel, just like we don’t want people who are on drugs or alcohol behind the wheel,” Seitz said.
9281	We drove up beside me.
9282	We each have our strengths.
9283	"We encourage continued dialogue and collaboration among elected leaders to pass a solution."
9284	"We eventually hope to develop new therapies to treat patients with leukemia using their own iPSCs.
9285	We expect a 0.5% rise in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) for the September quarter, lifting the annual inflation rate to 1.9%.
9286	“We find that what we are doing so far is very successful.
9287	“We fought about the smallest details, so we ended up hiring a planner,” they say.
9288	“We gave a $350 donation to the art program at Carolina Beach Elementary, thanks to the generosity of the public at our Mardi Gras Auction Fundraiser held this past February,” Boivin says.
9289	“We gave up 11 (offensive rebounds) in the first quarter.
9290	We get yup when we know it's a big game and we don't quite front in games we think we should win."
9291	We got in the area we're cats and yes I was not jumped underneath all that he made it twenty years ago Jeff Gordon ten Victory Lane at Bristol after a last lap battle with Rusty Wallace.
9292	We got there in about 30 minutes and fortunately the garbage had not been picked up.
9293	“We had 181 that were able to get tattooed,” he said.
9294	We had 44 Cub Scouts here this week.”
9295	We had a fruitful discussion with His Excellency, the Acting President.
9296	"We had a long two days of racing at Mount Abram," coach Payson said.
9297	“We had big fishes with us in the beginning, but we harmonised all differences and became one and sack the incumbent PDP at the national level.
9298	We had opportunities that we didn’t convert.
9299	We had this line where he was supposed to say, ‘It’s like there’s a party in my mouth and everyone’s invited!’
9300	“We had to keep them in front of us and make them make passes they weren’t comfortable with,” Yugu said.
9301	“We had to learn to stand on the ice and not get hurt, but there was no one to tell us.”
9302	“We had to think of something that would work in 360 and in order to use traditional film techniques, we needed to set the story in a place that would ground the audience and not let them get lost in a cut,” Osborne tells Deadline.
9303	“We have added some other things for them, such as markets, we have gone forward to tell banks to fund any of our licencees.”
9304	"We have advised that the fencing needs to be taken down and that the land is to be returned to how it was.
9305	“We have a great coaching staff,” he said.
9306	We have all the evidence and we knew this for a while.
9307	“We have a lot more work to do before we can put a team here,” Silver said.
9308	“We have a lot of prototype hardware in there,” he explained.
9309	We have a lot of subcultures in our society.
9310	“We have always maintained the thesis of never abandoning the electoral path nor dialogue,” he told reporters last week.
9311	“We have an amazing amount of content.
9312	“We have a number of issues that we wish to be placed on record that border on Constitutional precedence among others.
9313	We have an up-to-date modern infrastructure that we are continuously ensuring is future-proof.
9314	We have a really large 5K trail that has diverse terrain, so if you want to make a three-hour adventure out of it, you can do that.
9315	“We have a very supportive, very dedicated and very loyal Chamber membership that has gotten us to this point,” she said.
9316	“We have a very warm relationship.
9317	We have been needing speed bumps for the longest.
9318	“We have been talking about doing a comprehensive campaign for quite a while,” said FSU President David Eisler.
9319	We have four wins in two weeks and that isn't bad."
9320	We have more pressing matters to deal with in this country.
9321	We have not received any fishing reports with the high and muddy water conditions.
9322	We have one woman president in Liberia and we would like to have more women presidents.
9323	We have promised to find long-term solutions and will be closely monitoring the situation.”
9324	We have room for everyone.
9325	We have signs up, telling people ‘Don’t cross, high speed truck traffic,’ and people still cross.
9326	We have some, or excuse me, second half.
9327	We have to help on the ground, in source countries, so that people are not forced to leave,” she said before declaring that Europe had not acted with the necessary solidarity and cohesion on this humanitarian emergency.
9328	“We have to protect the lake as well as the residents from inundation.
9329	We have to protect the players we have.
9330	We have to remember though that being allowed entry to the United States is at the discretion of the border officer — they have the final say.
9331	We hear a great deal of discussion about the percentage of money Blacks spend with Black businesses versus how much we spend with White businesses—and others as well.
9332	“We hit a big scoring drought in the second half against Wisconsin Lutheran that spanned about nine minutes, and then Slattery calmly sank a three-pointer from well behind the line to turn things around.
9333	“We hope he apologises to the country for the deaths due to negligence in his address to the nation on Independence Day,” Maken said.
9334	“We hope this is a transformative campaign for YSU,” McFadden said.
9335	“We humbly apologise to the pupils, teachers and the school community for any inconvenience caused by this unfortunate situation.”
9336	Weinberg said having varied business experience has helped him gain a greater grasp of the lending industry, as opposed to many competitors who focus on one type of lending.
9337	We interviewed Current in a secret location, away from her home or familiar areas because she said she fears what Frazier may do next.
9338	We just try to be sound at what we do.”
9339	“We just want to encourage conversations with boys and girls about the importance of being drug-free,” said Sarah Moore, director of Start Talking.
9340	“We just want to play volleyball as much as we can,” Black said.
9341	"We knew if we keep grinding, if we keep swinging, do some of the things we do well, and just keep playing to our strengths, we knew we could have a chance at the end of the game," Jacobson said.
9342	“We know that too much salt in the diet causes hundreds of thousands of preventable cardiovascular deaths a year,” said senior study author Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, dean of the Tufts Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy in Boston.
9343	We know the opponent.”
9344	"We know what needs to be done," Ramaphosa said.
9345	“We know you don’t think of yourself as a politician, and we respect that.
9346	We know you won’t allow this child to be harmed.'
9347	Welcome to a brand new school year!
9348	Welcome to the Reader's morning briefing for Thursday, April 27, 2017.
9349	Weld: What are some of the biggest problems facing your neighborhood?
9350	Well, 11 really, but more on that later.
9351	“We’ll be out there as soon as the first snowflake hits,” he said.
9352	Well dear writer.
9353	We’ll find out on August 4 when this bad boy hits theaters (and probably a streaming video-on-demand provider) near you.
9354	“We’ll have to watch those guys and try to make sure they don’t get a lot of time on the ball,” said midfielder Samuel Piette.
9355	Well, if my estimates are correct, I believe that, if we make some assumptions, the data looks pretty decent for oil bulls.
9356	“We’ll look at some film and do what we need to do to get better for two big games in Texas.”
9357	We'll miss our flight!
9358	We’ll pick up tomorrow by giving the defense an opportunity to respond to the government’s argument on classification guidance.
9359	We'll take our next question from Robert London with London Family Trust.
9360	Well takeover by actually won't take a political exit could you tell us and we have a break you forgot to mention one today.
9361	Well, Thanks to the Heavens your wishes are never granted.
9362	“Well, that’s a pretty precise answer,” Blitzer said.
9363	Well, there will not be a rose ceremony at all in episode 6 of The Bachelor, and it is due to all three of those eliminated, being sent home during their dates.
9364	Well, these are appointed positions, not elected, so the NEW standard should not be to reward failure, instead of business as usual.
9365	Well, the thought probably enchanted me to be President.
9366	Well, we already have a Hugo Chavez in the Oval Office.
9367	Well, we finally have some football news to discuss.
9368	Well, what can you expect from those Flemish and Walloon types?
9369	Well you you know.
9370	We look at the latest trailers and what they might reveal about.
9371	We loved to play together.
9372	“We love Eion Bailey, we love August and we love Pinocchio.
9373	We love you and are grateful for you every day,” his fiancée Peta Murgatroyd, 30, Instagrammed the slideshow of snapshots with their 5-month-old son Shai.
9374	"We make an effort to comply with local laws in the countries where we operate," a spokesman for parent company Snap Inc. said.
9375	We make fancy kitchens.
9376	“We may be encountering that,” Condon added, “so we should start to focus on hiring, as well as the need for OT, to meet all the demands we expect our police force to meet.”
9377	We may not see more Canadian plays in New York, but Canadian artists will return transformed, in some unquantifiable way, by the experience, and will draw from it for their next projects.
9378	We missed Lori’s music, but she’ll be back on Friday again.
9379	We must all support him and pray for him as his coming as the President is divine and its purpose must be fulfilled”.
9380	Wendy was arrested because the couple’s 9-year-old son was shot by the couple’s 2-year-old son.
9381	We need a strong impulse for Europe that also stirs up a new enthusiasm for Europe," he told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper.
9382	“We need our ports to be more visitor friendly,” he emphasized in March.
9383	We need people around to support, and we didn't have that kind of structure in the church.
9384	"We need to build an airport that meets the current demand, but also projections for the next 50 years.
9385	"We need to decide this with a cool head.
9386	“We need to find a way to ensure that we got a program that is sustainable.
9387	“We need to fix our health infrastructure because no one wants to vacation without emergency health care.
9388	"We need to have a conversation, but that was completely one-sided," Pelosi told reporters afterward, according to a transcript from her office.
9389	“We need to have more kids wanting to become physicians,” he said.
9390	We need to increase the amount of tax paid on capital to be above that taxed from labour.
9391	“We need to miniaturize the computers and make them low power.”
9392	“We need to understand what’s going on inside them and how they are being used.”
9393	We never really argued on the field.
9394	“We offer a variety of social and informational events for clients to have fun, learn, make connections and celebrate women,” says Emily A. Drake, CFP® and Luma Wealth advisor.
9395	We only know that he was at the club.
9396	We picked up litter, tended the weeds, refreshed the color, and kicked off preparation measures for our playground construction.
9397	We played with good intensity and organisation – both offensively and defensively.
9398	“We put the data there and hopefully it will migrate with the photo and stay there.”
9399	We’re a band that likes musical mayhem.
9400	We reached out to the Urban Institute, which had done similar work.
9401	“We really enjoy what we are doing.
9402	We’re almost at the point where I become optimistic about the survival of the human race… if we can get through the next decade or two.
9403	“We’re better the way this turned out.
9404	"We recognise that people have an interest in this topic, and that there will be some questions.
9405	“We recognize and sincerely appreciate their contributions to this exceptional asset and the strong working relationship we have with the Trump Organization.”
9406	“We recognize that virtually every single case that is unresolved, there is information that rests within at least one individual, if not more than one individual,” he said.
9407	We're done laying sandbags for now, since we are out of sand.
9408	We’re fucked, but good.
9409	We’re going to find her,'” she said.
9410	“We’re grateful to the residents of Aylesbury Vale who have contacted us with their concerns about these leaflet posters.
9411	"We're hoping that it will build community, reduce isolation, and help them feel like they're a part of something bigger," said Gallup.
9412	We’re in it forever… Happy wedding anniversary to us.
9413	We’re just trying to make the best out of the situation we had,” said Angel Webster, Adkins’ best friend and maid of honor.
9414	We’re looking forward to continuing this adventure into the future,” states Hedman.
9415	“ We remain brothers and sisters.
9416	We’re matching people with their passions.”
9417	We're not doing different packages or names and we didn't do a new controller – those were all very thoughtful things about trying to ease customers into this new idea.
9418	We’re now more than halfway there.
9419	We’re paving 60 feet wide here for three 12 foot lanes and two 12 foot shoulders,” Ratliff said.
9420	"We represent a France of beauty and generosity, that starts each new day mindful of our motto - liberty, equality and fraternity," Melenchon told the Toulouse rally.
9421	“We’re pretty stringent with our policies and procedures, and our safety measures,” he said.
9422	“We’re really talking about communities — especially in rural areas — understanding the nature of their problem and providing and environment where people feel that they can be accepted for their addiction.”
9423	We’re sad that he’s gone, but you celebrate the time that he was here,” Kennedy says.
9424	We’re seeking landscapes with infinite spaces where simplicity dominates.
9425	We’re so excited to now be partnering with Hill Harper to bring an entrepreneurial approach to empowering young people across the city.”
9426	“We’re thrilled to be in the conversation, we’re thrilled people dig the show, and I’d be thrilled to see our actors get recognized because they’re spectacular and also happen to be really nice people.
9427	We’re told the activists were with the New York Animal Defenders and they were quickly removed, but you have to see Gucci’s reaction to the chaos — not a single flinch.
9428	We’re trying to do our version of the play, not anybody else’s.”
9429	We reviewed Mindful Chef with their two meals for two people box.
9430	“We see good opportunities with the uncertainty of Brexit to look at third countries where we might be able to work together to grow new markets where we can supply together 365 days of the year,” McIvor said.
9431	We sense in those moments how deeply we are shaped by others, how so much of what we are derives from their influence.
9432	“We should also increase cooperation in the strategic field in areas such as cyber security, maritime cooperation and defence,” he said.
9433	We shouldn't take the benefit of that at the state level," the Republican governor told The Associated Press in a phone interview.
9434	We should prepare well and Kenyans should look forward to us giving it the best shot we can."
9435	We should see rain activity Wednesday into Thursday as the front lingers near by.
9436	West Brom boss says Derby County were 'battered' but Tom Ince.
9437	Westbrook hosts Section this Friday (Sept. 15) in another region game.
9438	Western Illinois and Missouri Valley Football Conference record holder Lance Lenoir has finally reached an NFL contract.
9439	Western Union is forced to adapt a comprehensive anti-fraud program to detect and prevent further issues.
9440	WEST POINT – Northeast Community College in West Point will offer a class on the latest apps next month.
9441	West Pokot’s Hosea Mwok is seeking to defy all odds and become the first man to successfully defend the annual Madoka Half Marathon that will go down in Taita Taaveta County on October 21.
9442	We struggled all weekend to do what we needed to do.
9443	"We supported the police in a search for a missing person in the Burrator area.
9444	“We talk about getting better every day and just kind of see where that takes us.”
9445	We tend to experiment a lot both with new technologies, and with entirely new concepts altogether."
9446	We told the British PM that her govt is in default of the Good Friday.
9447	We took a boat for another hour, removing our KIA army boots before disembarking.
9448	“We took the decision after discussing all the leaders of our party and will not reconsider our decision to back Kovind,” he added.
9449	We took the elevator with our escort and caught the mayor on the run.
9450	We took to do it should that's.
9451	We train our red pandas every day, encouraging them to come down from the trees, place their nose against our target stick then be hand fed a reward by our keepers.
9452	"We trusted the Human Rights Commission.
9453	We try to capture their traces to obtain the encryption key and at the same time, decipher the data," explained another of the researchers, Lorena González, who is also from the UC3M COSEC.
9454	“We try to pick stuff that has enough variety that people can choose what they want to do, but also that we look like one cohesive group,” she said.
9455	We understood the expectations for this season and knew we couldn’t be content with our previous success.
9456	“We usually send the fleet out with the first snowflake.
9457	We've actually rolled out all of the pricing and packaging.
9458	We've been blessed with a number of good friends.
9459	We've been investing heavily in it as we go through, you heard we have closed plants, consolidated plants, put more investments in backward integration.
9460	"We've been on the road together for a while (and) we're doing some good things but we need to be pushing the consistency button more to keep heading in that upward direction," Holder said.
9461	We’ve been talking to our attorneys and they say we have to have proof of imminent threat.
9462	“We’ve been very fortunate to have been led by a chancellor who, while being the face of UMKC very effectively, never made it about him,” Glesner Fines said.
9463	We’ve been working very closely with China on things like ensuring that some of the more distant regions in China are also getting access to social services and healthcare.
9464	We’ve created a video to demonstrate how Intercept X works against Petya.
9465	We’ve done our feasibility studies.
9466	We’ve done premieres of great modern composers and sang the pieces of Renaissance masters.
9467	We’ve got rain coming back starting on Sunday and a potential for some very warm temperatures next week too!
9468	We’ve gotten pretty good at smelling out which trucks are worthwhile, and which are going to be gone in two weeks when people realize that their sushi-stuffed cheesesteak is a no-go.
9469	“We’ve had culverts get plugged, we’ve had parts of roads just collapse.”
9470	“We’ve had echidnas brought in, and (the late) Norm Parish used to bring in birds of prey to fix or check out.”
9471	We’ve improved our finances related to maintenance and we’ve updated our policies,” George, who took over as superintendent in July 2015, said.
9472	“We’ve never had a president like this,” Hess says.
9473	We want the best of the best — people who will make our military stronger and more effective in every facet of warfighting.
9474	We want the Sam Warburton we know back.”
9475	“We want to do everything we can to support this incredible place and these incredible people.
9476	"We want to let Sask Party donors know that we will continue the disruptions as long as the cuts continue," said Nairn MacKay, a member of the Regina chapter of Stop the Cuts.
9477	“We warmly welcome their robust report which confirms that our roll-out programme is safe.
9478	“We was talking about me trying to take the children home…somebody called the officer…that’s what they do, they intervene.
9479	We watched as Obama largely abandoned recreational basketball, the scourge of tendons and ligaments, for a more age-appropriate pastime.
9480	We were amused at their guile and we allowed them to stay.
9481	We were a peculiar and frightening sight, bearded and with unkempt hair.
9482	We were grabbing onto each other, just making sure people we knew were okay.
9483	We were making that great hypothetical “change” possible.
9484	“We were never told any of this when we signed contracts to buy our house,” he said of the city’s ownership of the submerged land adjacent to their spacious back yard.
9485	“We were still uncomfortable, but they take (delivery) seriously, and there’s a degree of professionalism,” he said.
9486	“We were subjected to rude and tough treatment… Treating a female minister this way is very ugly,” Kaya told reporters at Istanbul’s Ataturk airport, where she was welcomed by a crowd waving Turkish flags.
9487	We were there for about two hours."
9488	We were well into adulthood by time we translated the prophylactic fiction of the few stops “in order to make the boat.”
9489	We will achieve this via hardware and software that provide necessary infrastructure, technologies, products, and services.”
9490	“We will also be interested in what each aspirant intends to do if given the opportunity to serve our people as Ogun State Governor.
9491	We will also oppose the divisive rhetoric of the right and seek to bring the country together around a Brexit deal that is in the national interest.
9492	We will be submitting a response to this effect to the court in accordance with the legal process.”
9493	“We will certainly look closely at the 45 recommendations, with a view of making sure we’re in a better place,” he said.
9494	We will embrace anyone who wants to help do that, and certainly anyone who wants to help raise money as well,” Kopelan says.
9495	We will ensure Bill English remains Prime Minister while addressing the issues John Key neglected.
9496	“We will ensure that she does well physically and psychologically,” he added, while thanking the city administration for the green corridor and other arrangements.
9497	We will enter a time when the dependability and stability of leadership will be shaken.
9498	We will love only what we understand.
9499	"We will not fight with bullets, guns and anonymous hitmen but with mass action.
9500	We will offer our lips as sacrifices of bulls” (Hos. 14:2-3), implying that words could take the place of sacrifice.
9501	We will retain an executive search firm to support our thorough search for Perrigo’s next leader who can continue to build on our upward trajectory.”
9502	"We will see houses that were renovated immediately prior to being sold, and the new owners come in, buy the property, demolish everything," said Wade Schmirler.
9503	We will take decisions as a group and it will depend on the moment, it´s not a race.
9504	We will witness China’s more active participation with a louder voice in international society during Xi’s second term.
9505	"We worked with Kim So Hyun for a long time and decided to respect her wishes, and we support Kim So Hyun's future of growing into a beautiful actress," it continued, "We thank all the fans who support her, and ask you to keep supporting her.
9506	We would have either been selling out to the next couple of years at the risk of our future.
9507	"We would like to express our deepest condolences to the families of the ABP members affected by this unfortunate incident," the statement said.
9508	We would not be surprised to see this wildly subjective approach in network shows, come the 2018 season.
9509	What about the millions of jobs that will disappear in the trucking and transportation industries if driverless vehicles take over?
9510	What about the role of late night shows and political satire right now.
9511	What a caveman view!
9512	What a friend,” Ryan says.
9513	"What an incredibly inspiring man you are," the 33-year-old actress says to him.
9514	What are the Israeli and pro-Israeli efforts to challenge BDS?
9515	What are the services that you provide?
9516	What are they doing different than the other LSC teams?
9517	What a useless waste of money!
9518	What a way to show everyone that you don’t care about showing off your wealth with brands—you just want products that will last you a long time.
9519	What can Hull City fans expect from the final week of the.
9520	What does it say to deny us simple inclusion in the Idaho law that protects other classes of people from discrimination in education, employment, housing and public accommodation?
9521	“What does the good book say?
9522	What do you call a man like Kinky Friedman?
9523	What do you think of the different sides of the business community you see in Colorado Springs?
9524	Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K., we will be there – WE ARE WITH YOU.
9525	What, for example, is one to do when an acquaintance stops by your house carrying her own beverage?
9526	What form that takes is open to debate, but to refuse to engage with the terminology because you see certain words as associated with big business practices is “nose spiking face” stuff.
9527	What had been looking like another lost season for John Savage is suddenly looking up.
9528	“What I like about ‘Heaven Upside Down’,” he reveals, “is that it really doesn’t hold back.
9529	What In-House Legal Groups Can Learn From ‘The Godfather’
9530	What is clear is that this saga is not finished just yet.
9531	What is clear is that, unlike the effects of many other natural disasters, there are proven ways, such as aggressively limiting overgrowth and clearing dead wood, to control the effects of wildfires and contain their damage.
9532	'What is for certain is that the victim had a near miraculous escape: the bullet travelled through his chest yet he managed to get out of the car and run for help.
9533	“What is happening in Zanu PF is total madness.
9534	What is more; our children now think it is old fashioned to read newspapers when they can get all the news/information from their phone.
9535	What is most infuriating is that, as FAO itself underlined, this is not inevitable: the planet can actually solve this issue, if it finds creative and innovative ways to tackle the crisis.
9536	What is sensory processing disorder?
9537	What is the best advice your dad ever gave you?
9538	What is the Bradford Factor, and How Can it Help Your Business?
9539	What is the Philadelphia model?
9540	What is worrying in Zambia is that there are many other people thrown into prison just because police want to please whoever.
9541	What is wrong with these assholes?
9542	What is your profession?
9543	What I’ve learned is that they don’t know how to find it.
9544	What made you participate in Carnival 2017?
9545	What makes them so dynamic and do you see a flaw with them?
9546	What many don’t know is that I consider this to be my one true miracle.
9547	What Obi did was to start the construction of the two new giant secretariats for the state.
9548	What results is a patchwork of transportation infrastructure plans and projects that lack coordination.
9549	WhatsApp for Business is a part of the app's beta version 2.17.285.
9550	What’s at issue: Nobody likes being told what to do.
9551	What's happening in the Beaver State might offer some insights into Washington's future.
9552	'What she said just now sums up so beautifully the issues we are facing, and puts it so precisely in terms of the challenge that there is.
9553	What’s incredibly maddening is the complete (albeit predictable) turnabout on the use of executive orders.
9554	What’s ironic is that in the film Harrelson is so critical of the media for publishing a kiss-and-tell story, yet here he is, exploiting that very story for his own end.
9555	What’s more, it is waterproof and has good permeability, and has many pockets.
9556	What’s more, the Global Centrifugal Fans Market development trends and marketing channels are analysed.
9557	What’s with all the bubbles?
9558	What’s your favorite way to save at the big-box chain?
9559	What’s your personal fitness routine?
9560	What that means is that we will invite you to Government House, Port Harcourt, so that we can present to you certificate of recognition”.
9561	What the government should have done was to infuse some money into the Liberian businesses or give them some tax haven where they can continue because once they pay taxes, they will continue to employ Liberians.
9562	What the locals don’t realize is that behind the mask lies Lloyd (voiced by Dave Franco), a teen loathed by most for being the estranged son of Garmadon.
9563	What the University of Otago’s Aniruddha Chatterjee and his colleagues discover could lead to improvements in the way we diagnose and treat cancer.
9564	What was his apartment like?
9565	What was initially supposed to be a one-night stand had given me a high I hadn’t really felt before.
9566	What was the driver on, to not be affected by the beanbag shots, tasers and even the K9?
9567	What we’re trying to do is new programs that we feel like offers jobs right now.
9568	What were we to do when the young man and his friends in Jacksonville killed his grandmother and grandfather like they were animals?
9569	What will I eat now?”
9570	What would be his comeback strategy or recovery plan?
9571	What you are saying is very thoughtful, but on the eve of crucial elections France, Germany, the Netherlands and maybe Italy, don’t you think the EU needs a hawkish strategy when it comes to re-engaging with its citizens, rather than wishful thinking?
9572	What you're actually doing is watching episodes of I'm Alan Partridge on your desktop.
9573	What your personal line is in an audition, when they say, ‘Pop off your shirt.’
9574	“What you see today is going to get a lot worse in the future if we don’t band together.”
9575	"What you should know is that all other partner states have restrictive public procurement policies that restrict local content globally.
9576	Wheeled out by the Tory election maestro Lynton Crosby in 2015, Sir Michael said the way Ed Milband had “stabbed” his brother in the back showed he could “stab the United Kingdom in the back to become Prime Minister”.
9577	“When a black president is a norm, it enables us to be, too.”
9578	When America was attacked 16 years ago today, brave first responders came to ground zero to rescue people buried in the rubble and to retrieve the remains of those no longer alive.
9579	“When a ‘pet-sitter’ or ‘dog-walker’ can be found in one click, it’s vital that pet owners understand that not everyone that has an online profile is a reputable qualified pet-care professional,” Moran said in an email.
9580	When asked about game-planning for Ducks captain Ryan Getzlaf, who centres Anaheim’s top line, Oilers head coach Todd McLellan said his team is very wary of him, “their heart, he’s the head of their snake.”
9581	When asked about sexism, 60 per cent of respondents feel that sexism is still prevalent.
9582	When asked by Sport Buzzer, as reported by the Liverpool Echo, if Leipzig are "immune" to offers for Keita, Mintzlaff responded: "Yes, and that topic is boring.
9583	When Charles Margai left the SLPP in 2005 and formed the PMDC, the SLPP was voted out of power in 2007 because some of its supporters joined the new party of Charles Margai.
9584	When Davis completed enough credit hours and had the time to dedicate, she applied to be in the sorority and then went through a rush process.
9585	When firefighters arrived, they pulled him out of the home on the 1500 block of 29th Avenue Southwest after he became stuck while crawling out of a bedroom window.
9586	When Gemma sends young Tom off to dad’s party and heads out on a date, it’s an obvious attempt to grit her teeth and move through the pain.
9587	When Gwyneth split from Coldplay frontman Chris Martin, they announced they were 'consciously uncoupling'.
9588	When he arrived at the hospital, Browning turned on the television and heard the message.
9589	When he came to Green Bay as an assistant coach from the New York Giants, the Packers had only one black player: Nate Borden.
9590	When he looks at America now, and the recent election of Trump precipitating what one might call a war on science, how does he feel scientists should be reacting?
9591	When Henry and his mother see a woman being roughed up by her boyfriend in a supermarket, Susan tells him it’s “none of their business”.
9592	When her children were small, she volunteered as an interim care-giver for newborns awaiting adoption through Catholic Social Services of St. Cloud.
9593	When he’s reborn as an evangelist of the airwaves — urging his public to open their windows and scream they’re not going to take it anymore — he’s the avenging phoenix that would inevitably rise from such ashes.
9594	“When he took off and we saw that guy was not stopping, I was thinking, ‘I don’t even want to go past him if they have that guy pulled over,’ ” she said.
9595	When his family moved here in 2011 and settled in South Philadelphia, Jones could’ve hardly imagined that, just a couple weeks after his 20th birthday, he’d be playing a central role in the Union’s season-opening 0-0 tie in Vancouver.
9596	When his U.S. sponsors turned on him, Noriega played the race card to maintain power, rallying dark-skinned Panamanians like himself against the "white tails," the descendants of the white Europeans who dominated the country's economy.
9597	“When I came here, I would see the beautiful books, the big campus and little, small me,” Alan said.
9598	"When I first came the smoke was coming out of the front real strong," said Peggy Los, resident.
9599	When I got back to the house, David the actor was being harangued by Chuck, who was a wrestler turned screenwriter.
9600	When I lived in a different county it was electronic only, here we feed paper ballots into a machine.
9601	When I lived in London for 4 years in the 80’s I was regularly hassled on the Tube and when cycling, and was glad to move away.
9602	When I look for piece jobs to send them to school he hits me saying I am hunting for men.
9603	"When I met him 20 years ago, he was the best light comedian I'd ever seen at the time.
9604	“When I see arguments that we are actually going to set back efforts to respond to adversary space threats, well, as we say in Alabama, I’m pissed,” Rogers said.
9605	When I see articles like mental health institution's average of 90+ days in restraints and forced detention, I have a hard time believing that the government is even close to the right track when it comes to mental health issues.
9606	When I show these statistics to staunch Obama supporters, they are stunned and simply deny them.
9607	When issues are discovered during the process of supervision, a defined course of action is taken," Ms Alupo says.
9608	When it came time to cast his ballot, Kasich wrote in the name of 2008 Republican nominee John McCain rather than Trump.
9609	When it comes to finding an office-appropriate, orthopaedic work shoe, the task can be tricky.
9610	When it comes to iconic names in the firearms industry, Lyman is one of them.
9611	When it comes to petty theft of $250 or less, critics say SB 91 lacked teeth because no jail time could be imposed until a third offense.
9612	When it comes to planning Valentine’s Day gifts for your sweetie, take a cue from the field of behavioral economics.
9613	When I think of East Coast rock music, I immediately think of Joel Plaskett.
9614	When I try to resist him, he overpowers and rapes me.
9615	When I was Acting General Secretary of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) in 2011, we ordered workers’ strikes following disagreements on the implementation of the new Minimum Wage.
9616	When I was there, my boss flew to Tokyo to have lunch with me.
9617	When I woke up four hours later, the weakness was gone, my limbs had uncurled and my gait returned to normal.
9618	When Jade was five, Jackiey and her brother Martin – who Jade called Uncle Budgie – were involved in a motorbike accident.
9619	When Janina Smietanka innocently posed as wannabe rapper Honey G following a few drinks with friends, she probably didn't expect to receive a call from ITV.
9620	“When Judge Hague took away Lazaro Rodriguez’s attorney, he robbed him of his chance for a fair trial,” said Jackie Azis, Staff Attorney, with the ACLU of Florida.
9621	When kids are home for the summer, they are missing out on school meals and food shelves help fill that gap.”
9622	When my current boyfriend made me promise not to talk to my ex, I accepted, and my ex did, too, and wished me luck.
9623	“When my family first arrived, they were excited to see that it was different enough so that they weren’t expecting to see Mom and Dad standing on the front porch,” says Ben.
9624	When officers went to arrest Williams, he spit in one officer’s face, yelled “f— you” to the others, and began kicking members of the arrest team.
9625	When official competition restarts, it must stop."
9626	“When our government was formed in 2013 (in Delhi), TV channels said the AAP will get two seats.
9627	When parties to a contract elect to resolve disputes through arbitration, a grievant can ask no more impartiality than inheres in the method they have chosen.
9628	“When people walk through the door, that’s a miracle to me,” Mock said.
9629	When pressed by Lemon, Smiley said even the question of how many colleagues he’d had consensual relationships with “conflates consensual relationships with sexual assault, sexual harassment and sexual misconduct.”
9630	When room is limited (say on a smartphone) you can use the brightened up Icon as an abbreviated Logo, which will be seen more easily and read more clearly.
9631	When she asked her mother if she was smart, her mother said, “You’re about average.”
9632	When she transitions to her new position, her office will be on the first floor.
9633	When storm clouds threatened rain, Folan asked the class if they wanted to have the ceremony indoors, in case of a downpour.
9634	When swallowed, the drug is supposed to help a patient’s gut microbiome return to the healthy balance that keeps c. diff. bacteria from proliferating and causing an infection.
9635	When the body of a local man, Niall Swift, is found at the foot of Carn Mohr Mountain on the loch shore, the town’s normality is shattered and the nightmare begins.
9636	“When the companies got here the fire was completely involved; coming out the sides coming out the front,” said Assistant Fire Chief of the city of Rensselaer Fire Department, Jay Corman.
9637	When the deceased died in 2011, the brothers’ dispute became more bitter, the website said.
9638	When the internet was originally designed, the idea behind it was another way for the masses to access information in a new way.
9639	When the mass-market paperbacks didn’t sell, they just threw them away.
9640	When the NFL paid Wells millions of dollars, the league probably didn’t plan on this lie coming to light.
9641	When the officers arrived at the home, they found Maria Sumba, 30, in her bathroom “in the midst of birthing,” said Vega, who has children of her own.
9642	When the picture was released, the dress sold out in two hours, but the team was able to swiftly restock making the style a staple in every collection going forward.
9643	When the Wheat Kings need a goal or to hold onto a lead, he’s going to be on the ice creating chances or taking them away from his opponents.
9644	“When they came in through the window, they were asking of my father.
9645	When they can, libraries offer story hours for the very young.
9646	"When they lose they cry fraud.
9647	“When they were dragging him by his arm, he's a small kid.
9648	“When they were moving him to the car, he actually broke away from the cuffs,” said Romero.
9649	When this occurs, our children experience anal and oral sex unaware of the consequences of sexually transmitted diseases.
9650	When those figures came out in August campaigners said it was time for the Government to “take responsibility” for the increase, as they accused it of ignoring advice on how to reduce deaths and protect the most vulnerable drug users.
9651	“When we called the alert on Monday, we looked at all the precursors sort of the ingredients that would cause a high ozone day,” added Cunningham.
9652	“When we got down, it motivated us,” Cody Osborn said.
9653	“When we straight cut, I think we get bigger seed size, less damage, and better quality seed,” said Joe.
9654	“When we were deciding whether this was something we wanted to throw our energies and talents into, we had several escape hatches at various points along the way where we could have gone the other direction and left,” Solari said.
9655	When we work on location, we work six days a week, so there isn’t any respite from it.
9656	When you factor in that Graham played the majority of this past season under these circumstances, his production appears much more impressive.
9657	“When you go to a final, you want your experienced player, you want him to be fully fit and participating on that particular day.
9658	When you have a team that is really together and fighting for each other and playing the game for their teammates, I think the sky is the limit for a team like this,” said Deck.
9659	When you inquire over small details of their day or week there will be a delay (hence the blank stare) as they try to remember where they said they were going, what time it was, and so on.
9660	When you mix these two things you together you get a tragedy of the commons.
9661	When you think your team is that that close, you can’t give up.
9662	When you were Governor you stole money to the u.k through your siblings, I’m sure Fayemi too has lined his pcokets though I have no poof of his.
9663	Where are you finding the employees?
9664	Whereas for adopted people there is always this possibility of another life."
9665	Whereas her cousin hires a landscape designer to develop a perfectly manicured show garden and never gets her hands dirty, Potter is covered in mud, planting vegetables in the spot others expected her put a lawn tennis court.
9666	Where can I nvest in law firms suing the fck out of the government for trying to default on contracts or otherwise doing dumbshit that causes market concern and their stock prices to tumble?
9667	Where did you get this information if you mind me asking?
9668	Where does this tricky booking leave these teams in the power rankings?
9669	Where do I even begin.
9670	Where there is choice, can freedom be far behind?
9671	Whether it’s government, corporate, nonprofit organizations or school boards.
9672	Whether it's revenge for cheating, or a cruel and public way to dump an unwanted partner, they all prove that love hurts.
9673	Whether it was school or football, Vea never really took things all that seriously.
9674	Whether the art sells or has any kind of critical acclaim is secondary to Blay.
9675	Whether you like what’s going on in the government or not, fuck it, you got to deal with it.
9676	Whether you’re going to take it on or don’t take it on,” saidKraigg Brathwaite, the stand-in skipper after Jason Holder wassuspended for a Test and fined for a slow over rate inWellington.
9677	Which brings us to Dundalk, Maryland, a small unincorporated community in Baltimore County.
9678	Which is why societies like the Amish practice shunning.
9679	Which kind of wack blogger news is this one!
9680	Which team will come out on top?
9681	While a ceasefire has technically been in place since the end of December between the moderate opposition and the government, both sides have continued to launch attacks.
9682	While arguing that social Greek life is not inclusive enough, the university continues to recognize on-campus organizations with acceptance rates lower than its own, which this year hovered around 15.4 percent.
9683	While at the rodeo, the students experienced saddle bronc riding, bull riding, bareback riding, and even a gymnastic bull fighter.
9684	While Bush did not mention Trump by name during the speech, he criticized foreign polices that do not combat security threats head-on and domestic policies that rebuff immigrants.
9685	While Cabernet bunches tend to be fairly compact, the prevailing micro-climatic conditions were conducive to a looser bunch formation, making for more even ripening.
9686	While campaigns at this level in both parties aggressively seek out dirt on their opponents, this effort from Trump Jr, Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafort was clumsy and amateurish.
9687	While Cardinals coach Bruce Arians says he’d be “very, very comfortable” with current starter Blaine Gabbert starting in 2018, we’d wager he’d welcome the addition of Eli.
9688	While certain foods seem convenient at lunchtime, Willis said they can slow a person down.
9689	While Democrats just need a majority of those present to move something to the floor, they need at least 25 votes to pass it.
9690	While Democrats largely sidelined on taxes, they hold leverage over a mix of budget-related issues.
9691	While doctors have offered him a better sex life, Cabrera sees his elongated members as an asset.
9692	While Duvernay plays a different role than Samuel in the slot, it goes to show how important the slot receiver is going to be in this Texas offense.
9693	While expressing anger over the increasing cases of rape at Maraban Jos, Kaduna, she noted, ”We have observed that poverty is one of the major attributing factor.”
9694	“While filing an initiative is only the first step in a long process, these initiatives would be dangerous for patients by reducing access to life-saving dialysis care,” Fairbanks said in a statement.
9695	While he claims not to be a proponent of market timing, Cook advocates staying fully invested in the market until there a 10% correction in the S&P 500 index.
9696	While he didn't win the case, he won the day and the respect of the 25-year-old John Adams, who was in the audience.
9697	While Kurdish troops have made gains against Islamic State in Syria, they lack the firepower and resources needed to overcome the group decisively.
9698	While looking through the contents of my arrival package, which was left for me in the lobby, I was sure that I’d be sleeping comfortably in no time.
9699	While many elements remained the same, several of the heroes had new backstories, identities and vital details were changed.
9700	While many of the current squad vocalised their support for Sampson, the former players Lianne Sanderson and Katie Champan said they also felt discriminated against during his reign.
9701	While margins are low, retailers need to keep up, otherwise Amazon.com will keep gaining share.
9702	While most managers (81%) say vacation boosts morale and reduces burnout, only half of the managers surveyed say their company encourages vacation.
9703	While Mr Hay phoned the police Kilpatrick drove his car at Mr Hay’s vehicle.
9704	While not untrue, Travis shouldn’t be taken seriously with his repeated version and narrative of the facts.
9705	While Palestinians are systematically killed and displaced Abbas and his ilk are unmolested claiming they’ll do this or that if anything escalates or if there is no halt to settlements.
9706	While PennDOT is working on this initiative, the extension still requires authorization from the federal government.
9707	While political figures called the mosque rampage a terrorist act, Mr. Bissonnette has not been charged with terrorism-related offences.
9708	While responding, the representative of PCNI, Hajiya Nafisa Joda who witnessed the distribution said the PCNI have embarked on the distribution of relief materials to all the local government areas of the state affected by the insurgency.
9709	While responding to the questions of media persons after attending the meeting, he said it was the serious issue which was discussed during the meeting.
9710	While shedding light on the bill, Ibrahim disclosed that the total amount of funds expected to go to Police annually is over N540 billion.
9711	While some prefer to cycle or take the train to work, he uses the commuting time to finish his quota of running for the day.
9712	While talking glibly about fighting corruption, the government shamelessly looks askance where corruption is exposed within its own very ranks, closets and cocoons”.
9713	While the baby and her momma laid peacefully on the mattress, I paced the floor wondering what I had said in my turn at story-telling around the bonfire at the Not So Simple Living Festival, Boonville Fairgrounds, the previous night.
9714	While the bill will almost certainly pass the House, it faces an uncertain future in the Senate.
9715	While the Buffs’ chances in the game at halftime were astronomically slim, they played better in the second half.
9716	While the championship is already decided, the leading drivers may well also be challenged by their teammates Bottas, Kimi Raikkonen and Daniel Ricciardo.
9717	While the company is certainly not a Dividend Aristocrat, they have raised their annual dividend every year since 2009, making 7 consecutive years of dividend increases.
9718	While the department currently provides hormone therapy to some transgender prisoners, it prohibits gender-affirming surgery, which it doesn’t consider to be medically necessary.
9719	While the estimate is significantly lower than the massive numbers tied to May's attack — which relied on malware dubbed WannaCry — some researchers noted technical details of the new malware that might make it harder to kill.
9720	While the leaked live images, by Android Headlines, do not reveal any particular information about the upcoming Xiaomi smartphone, it sure does a good job of suggesting its presence.
9721	While the office has no objection against genuine debates about technical issues and interpretations, it increasingly encounters officials who want to influence audit outcomes without any basis.
9722	While the origin of limericks, the witty poetry form used above, is not entirely certain, senryu — literally, “river willow” — derives from the name of poet 柄井川柳 (Karai Senryū, 1718-1790), who played a key role in popularizing the genre.
9723	While the policy may make financial sense, the SU’s job is to serve and represent students.
9724	While there are more items in this that left me cold and unimpressed than gems, the gems that are here shine very, very brightly.
9725	While there’s ample evidence that there are still ceilings for professional women to shatter (Exhibit A: the White House), female entrepreneurs are having a moment.
9726	While they might not have stepped completely out of the known, the risks that are taken show listeners just how much the sophomore album is a step ahead for The Courtneys.
9727	While they stress they want to convince Kim Jong-Un’s regime through diplomatic means of the need to disarm, they have not dropped the threat of military action.
9728	While Trump claims that the Muslim ban is needed until we can begin “extreme vetting,” the United States already practices extraordinarily thorough vetting.
9729	While Trump must, of course, coerce unwilling adversaries, he must also exercise leverage with partners to ensure they undertake the necessary reforms and compromises to translate military victories into sustainable order.
9730	While visiting for the summer, she brought out-of-towner Fletcher Metz to taste her must-have treat.
9731	While we are on the topic of aggregate net national savings, I thought it would be instructive to remind readers of our analysis on the relationship between net national savings and asset prices.
9732	White House officials have not, however, say if any actions would be taken.
9733	Whitney Schroeder led the way with a trio of three-pointers.
9734	Who’s the first editorial—the first blogger that will be left out that embarrassed his or her outlet?
9735	Who would have thought a simple onesie could almost kill a child!'
9736	Why2, Welfare bums are sometime not sophisticated enough to get a job.
9737	» Why are you sending me an e-card on Easter?
9738	“Why didn’t they check everybody’s hand?
9739	Why do people keep classifying them as Igbos?
9740	Why is ex-Nottingham Forest striker Nicklas Bendtner still.
9741	Why is it, when these subhumans serve notice they are not fit to live in a civil society, they are let out, only to do the same thing again?
9742	“Why is the government giving asylum seeker(s) status to Nigerians, Zimbabweans, Pakistanis.
9743	Why, it defies logic, it do diddly does!
9744	Why limit it to 3 months, six months, or nine?
9745	Why moving Cash from South Africa?
9746	Why not start with language, and at the very top: in the government, and in the parliament?
9747	Why was I upset when I enjoyed hooking up with guys and partying?
9748	Why would anyone harm him?” recalled Lt. Fayaz’s aunt.
9749	Why would anyone thumbs-down a comment asking for justice, that doesn't imply guilt by either party involved?
9750	Why would God need drugs?
9751	"Why would I do that?
9752	WHY you want or need it is the desire that puts your Genie to work.
9753	Wigan are struggling to contain United now as Mkhitaryan becomes increasingly influential.
9754	Wikimedia says the money will be used to launch a program to help editors “more quickly identify potentially harassing behaviour.”
9755	Wildcats’ sophomore David Early scored 31 points to lead the way in the win.
9756	Wilder felt City, who were late arriving to Bramall Lane and didn't hand in the official teamsheets before the game on time, lacked courtesy towards himself, United and the team of officials.
9757	Wild players Jared Spurgeon and Tyler Ennis were scheduled to attend the game and sign autographs, and there is a giveaway for 200 tickets to next week’s preseason game against the Dallas Stars.
9758	Wiley is only EWU’s third Big Sky MVP in 30 years, joining Alvin Snow (2004) and Kentwood High product Rodney Stuckey (2006).
9759	Will be it will be the fifty shades nine and a half weeks and I was like fifty years ago now.
9760	Will Fry (2-32) and Miles (2-0) provided valuable support as only Jack Parker (40) offered much resistance to the Uffington attack.
9761	Williams finished the opening half with 17 points on 6-of-10 shooting and five rebounds.
9762	Williams has done studies that estimate up to 24 per cent of that total $7-billion revenue comes from problem gamblers.
9763	Williams this is not a criticism of anyone, but a statement of the situation as it was explained to him.
9764	Williams, who has been part of the industry for over 25 years, even invited some of his clients to attend to share their feedback.
9765	William Wise, 10, has been driving a tractor since he could reach the pedals at 4 years old.
9766	Will Monster Trucks Finally Dethrone Rogue One at the Box Office?
9767	Wills further suggested that individual regulatory executives, who have allowed the continual oil pollution to be accepted as normal flaring in Nigeria should be sanctioned.
9768	“Will some of these (currencies) go away?
9769	Will the Royal Family Celebrate 100 Years of Shame by Endorsing Israel?
9770	Will the show let someone take Fode’s place or will the character remain off canvas indefinitely?
9771	Will WWE sign any women from Mae Young Classic?
9772	Will you be ‘In Time’?”
9773	Will you watch The Menendez Murders: Erik Tells AllTell us what you think.
9774	Wilson completed all four of his passes on that drive and also picked up 16 rushing yards.
9775	Win a Pair of tickets to Garth Brooks!
9776	Winds could gust around 30 miles per hour, so it will be a windy day.
9777	WINNERS of Adeje secondary-schools’ short-story competition, which commemorated International Day Against Violence Against Women, were named last Saturday.
9778	“Winning it last year was really nice to end it off.
9779	WISN-TV reports a witness called police after seeing the incident on Sept. 9 in Saukville, about 20 miles (32 kilometers) north of Milwaukee.
9780	With 130 stalls, enough parking space and attractive discounts offered by the weavers, there is no reason why with a week to go you should not make at least one visit.
9781	With 3pm being the optimum time for all users with exceptional growth, it looks as though the evening didn't tempt people as much, with reporting that figures for the over 35's category actually dropped as the evening continued.
9782	“With all the causes Ingram Micro supports I’ll get in behind them and give 110%, I’m certainly happy to support and drive.”
9783	With all the restrictions on how much you are allowed to pack (or even how much space you might have in your car for luggage), it’s best to pack light and carry versatile pieces.
9784	With a MenuSano subscription, restaurants can enter unlimited recipes and create unlimited nutrition labels and menus.
9785	With an estimated year to go until completion, there’s nothing much to do but cross our fingers in a hoping attempt that we will see the light-rail bear fruit.
9786	With an operating current of 2A (max. 6W), the LH231B offers an efficacy of 170lm/W (Ra70 5000K, 700mA, 85˚C).
9787	With Baby Boomers set to retire in droves, the U.S. will need a steady flow of immigrants to keep its workforce growing over the next couple of decades, a new report from Pew Research finds.
9788	With back-to-back games on the schedule, it was already likely he was slated to play one game this weekend, but he probably was pencilled in for the start in Chicago, which is his hometown.
9789	With files from The Telegraph and The Guardian.
9790	With Halloween only two weeks away, the song comes at the perfect time.
9791	With his strong underground following, we saw the potential.
9792	With Home, subscribers get the right to install the Office suite on five PCs or Macs, five tablets, and five phones.
9793	'With housing set to be a key area for the Budget, we hope to see a real push from the Government to address the chronic issues in the market.'
9794	With its home ports of Shanghai and Tianjin (Beijing), Norwegian Cruise Line’s new Norwegian Joy will cater to Chinese travelers beginning in the summer of 2017.
9795	With just two games left in the regular season, the Rams, led by a dynamic Todd Gurley, the fearsome Aaron Donald and a dominant special teams unit, steamrolled over the Seahawks to bring their record to 10-4.
9796	With Karl Del Rosario securing numerous turnovers, Cas continued to dominate.
9797	With kerosene, it won’t last too long and will hurt the various systems.
9798	With one game a week, you are less likely to drop points, but with three games a week and four competitions, it is possible.
9799	With our coaching staff, Division one Offensive line, the four horsemen, the best wide outs in the SAC-8 conference, and a defense that will play lights out.
9800	With our usage we found the device to have over 3GB of RAM free after a day of use.
9801	Without actually saying it, Cashman put that exact pressure on a roster that no longer contains a pack of fresh-faced, overachieving kids.
9802	Without a statue I have literally no idea of history.
9803	Without oil and gas, the Russian economy would collapse altogether.
9804	Without them, you can do permanent damage to your eyes.
9805	With police training a main focus of Friday's discussion, both parties agree that the conversations are productive and must continue.
9806	“With potential for double,” said New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu.
9807	With “real regret”, that the children should not see J but should be allowed to exchange letters and cards.
9808	With regard to my work personally.
9809	With Russia’s last hopes for détente with President Trump dashed by his missile strike on Syria, the Kremlin looks askance at visiting Secretary of State Tillerson who it feels just played the Colin Powell role for his boss, says Gilbert Doctorow.
9810	With similar challenges, Sahil Khattar survives the hot and dry Rajasthani terrain and Karan Kundrra makes it through Arunachal Pradesh, from Guwahati to Sela Pass.
9811	With state revenue forecasts running below previous expectations, one of Teague’s appropriations bills was vetoed by Gov. Asa Hutchinson.
9812	“With support from key players like Cargill, we can cut down post-harvest losses, give technical training to farmers to enhance productivity, support farmer groups and add value to our beans locally.”
9813	With Take Off he is bringing to fruition his long cherished dream of turning director, having earlier fulfilled his wish of turning scriptwriter with Mili, directed by his friend, the late Rajesh Pillai.
9814	With that "official" position about to change, President Trump's go-along-to-get-along nominees might want to rethink their position.
9815	With the final week of regular season play ready to begin, the East Columbus girls have a strong hold on first place at 11-0.
9816	With the heady wine and the flush of a possible romance, we were sexually inventive through the small hours.
9817	With the help of many guest chefs, including big names like Yotam Ottolenghi, Alain Ducasse, Gordon Ramsay, and Pierre Koffman, WastED is serving lunch, tea, and dinner, although guests do not know who’s cooking until the day of.
9818	With the Interment to follow at 11:00am at St. Peters Cemetery.
9819	With the move, Metro Detroit-based Telemus continues to expand its presence in the Midwest.
9820	With the restricted access to funds, the company had to delay production of The Elio again to the end of 2019.
9821	With the update, Google Earth now works on Google’s Chrome browsers for desktops.
9822	With the victory, the Lady Pioneers will be moving on to the state semifinals, where they will face off against Lakewood on Friday in Akron.
9823	With this booming scale, even having the split at 75-25 is pretty good.
9824	With three candidates vying for the District 10 seat, money seems to be spread out a bit more in this race between incumbent Harry Joseph Griffin.
9825	Witnesses outside the store say he headed toward Broncos on foot as he left.
9826	"Witnesses, statements, investigations that were done back then versus now, so we're in the process of evaluating all of that."
9827	Wolf said, “Kirk is exactly what our department is looking for when we post for our vacant officer positions.
9828	Women (77 per cent) are more likely to hold this view than men (71 per cent).
9829	"Women across the world have been marching this weekend in solidarity with America whilst here in the UK, the Westminster Government ploughs ahead to undermine women's rights."
9830	Women are opting for more texture and matte finishes while men increasingly prefer sparkle and high polish, said Ms. Behrend, whose link chains and diamond earrings are stocked by Browns, the London luxury boutique.
9831	Women’s Month is a special celebration for Betts, who said, “As females we bring such diversity to any relationship.
9832	Wonderful job my cousin the Deputy Manager.
9833	Won't buy cigarettes for a teenager on Christmas?
9834	Wood will be watching keenly.
9835	Work had not yet begun on the pool.
9836	Working in the IT sector definitely helps in achieving this goal, as a lot of tech companies seek talent, offer career opportunities and help with relocations.
9837	Working with Ruskey, the UC Davis researchers collected genetic material -- DNA and RNA samples -- from different tissues and developmental stages of 23 Geisha coffee trees growing at Good Land Organics.
9838	Workplace teams are now more interdisciplinary and interconnected than ever before – by nature and necessity.
9839	Worries this year included a combustible mix of disenchantment with politics and preoccupation over natural and manmade disasters.
9840	Worse still, this wasn’t the start.
9841	Worship will play a role in the Great Commission Conference at Ridgecrest Baptist Church here Feb. 23-25, featuring Michael Card and the Chris White band.
9842	Worthing then had a fourth less than two minutes later.
9843	Would I be strong enough to get them through?
9844	Would I have added the comma for crystal clarity, had I been the draftsman?
9845	Would you and your family consider moving to and living in Denver if Denver becomes the next Flint, Michigan, Gold King Mine or Love Canal?
9846	Would you like to give a message to aspiring photographers?
9847	Would you say you’re close friends with some of the Housewives?
9848	Wrestling fans seem to want to know or seek out spoilers or all that sort of stuff, I don’t really get it.
9849	Wright is only midway through the eight-year, $138 million contract he signed before the 2013 season and still wants to believe he can contribute.
9850	“Writing this into the Great Repeal Bill would provide much of the reassurance we need.
9851	Writing with different singers is something Offer now relishes after some initial awkwardness.
9852	Written by co-creator Salim Akil, the drama is adapted from the 1970s DC comic book character of the same name.
9853	Written by Gillian Flynn, the thriller is due out November 16 next year.
9854	WR’s senior divisional commercial manager, Aarti Singh Pratihar told The Hindu that the trials of the live train updates were found it to be working well.
9855	Wu learned how to calibrate the temperature of her demeanor: friendly and approachable, neither too intimate nor too distant.
9856	WWE Raw tag-team champions Sheamus and Cesaro said everyone wants to align with them because no one sets the bar higher than them.
9857	Wyoming will host the Chippewas on Sept. 4, 2027, in Laramie.
9858	X Factor 2017 has seen a number of family acts - and ITG from Norwich are the latest.
9859	Xi pledged to pump an extra $124 billion in funds into the initiative, calling it “a project of the century” in a “world fraught with challenges”.
9860	Xu's wife, Yu Ling Zhang, 36, has not been found.
9861	X-Women hockey hold a 5-0-1 record, and are listed as the fifth best team in the country.
9862	Ya know, if god is OK with pedophiles, maybe we've judged the Devil too harshly.
9863	Yeah, but let's not rule North Carolina out of the running for home grown.
9864	Yeah, I haven’t had the chance to even see anything or hear anything.
9865	Yeah I think is that you hear so low good looking he's move that's an I like Ito a CK IDC a more honest you'd rather be honest and hurt and if not if and the guy but hurt the guys feelings been lied to him.
9866	Yeah, the 16 y/o will lie about the color of the clothes he’s got on at the moment I ask him, “What color are your clothes?”
9867	Yes, God, Yes has premiered at several US festivals, garnered more than 1.5m views online in a week, and trended on Reddit, where commenters were generally and benevolent.
9868	Yes I agree, DO NOT cancel the series, up here in Canada we can’t watch until it hits Netflix, are the numbers included there for the ratings?
9869	Yes, that's basically given commentary about the strong backlog, sequential decline water from year-over-year.
9870	Yes, there may be times when you want to use the colors as is, but you are by no means limited to them.
9871	Yes, they can do some amazing things from time to time, but they’re not given the on-screen time outside of the ring to develop into characters fans care about.
9872	Yet, according to statistics from the Nubian Development Committee, about 250,000 palms were destroyed by fire between 2005 and 2016.
9873	Yet another scam in the region was issued last week by Kentucky State Police Post 11 in London.
9874	Yet despite the fact that Americans know they need to save for retirement, many are often woefully unprepared when the traditional retirement ages of 62 or 65 roll around.
9875	Yet he doesn’t even try that hard and you already walk around talking about the chocolates he bought for you.
9876	Yet his paintings offer tantalising evidence of true genius.
9877	Yet in a clear dig at Washington, he added: “Who’s sovereign, the people or the money?
9878	Yet it hardly follows that it’s bad in moderation.
9879	Yet, it’s clear from reports like WhiteScope’s that for device manufacturers, even basic security like setting up a login and password is not much of a concern.
9880	Yet, spending cheap on the offensive line eventually proved Seattle’s Achilles heel.
9881	Yet the haul for “The Last Jedi” dwarfed most all releases in the two years since “The Force Awakens.”
9882	Yet the population of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area is growing fast, and its GDP is less than half that of Tokyo, suggesting that its potential is nowhere near depleted.
9883	Yet we humans are not all bad – enter Marla Isaac.
9884	York Regional Police responded to a call in the area of Highway 7 and Leslie Street just before 2 p.m.
9885	You absolutely have to build in recovery time.
9886	You and your staff must have actually gotten a lot of pushback from people saying, 'Hey, there’s going to be a new sheriff in town.
9887	“You are aware of the recent bail-out by the Federal Government to states.
9888	You are playing with fire!”
9889	"You can accept players making poor passes, you can accept a lack of confidence, but what you can't accept is a lack of effort and some players are not working hard enough in that team."
9890	You can afford office space and stop arguing with your partners about whose elbow is bumping whose in the closet you work in. You can easily afford the three coffees a day and the beer at the bar down the block after work, too.
9891	You can also exchange your currency at banks, hotels and international airports, according to the official Australian tourism website.
9892	“You can be what you want – the lowest of the lowest or the highest of the highest,” testified a successful restaurant owner, adding: “Nobody wants to crush your dream.
9893	“You can criticize everything but this dish, it’s personal,” Phu said when introducing the course.
9894	You can deal with yourself.
9895	You can easily singe yourself on the lens and the handle becomes almost too hot to hold.
9896	You can find out more information on individual store times here.
9897	You can find out the average wait time for your nearby hospital by clicking here.
9898	You can follow the latest score and goal updates from 2pm with Standard Sport’s London Football live blog.
9899	You can get rid of me at any time.
9900	You can imagine the thrill I got when I heard good English words spoken.
9901	You can listen to the full interview with WLRN reporter Nadege Green about how Miami is recovering, above.
9902	You cannot leave it to the private market to fix Laos and Bangladesh, and Cambodia challenges.”
9903	You cannot underestimate the courage it took to do that on national television, live,” says Derbyshire.
9904	You can play more physical in the playoffs because there is no tomorrow.
9905	You can prepare in advance, however, by reading up on personal injury lawyers and insurance needs, both of which can be relevant if you unexpectedly experience an accident one day.
9906	You can sign up for email updates about the line on the Fenty Beauty official website (https://www.
9907	“You can talk to the other 20 Prescott players that have played in the game and each of them will talk about how much fun they had during the three games,” Ryan said.
9908	You can’t be the best possible you if you are consistently sleep deprived.
9909	“You can’t just sit back, oh, just because the country had a president like Barack Obama, that everything’s okay.
9910	You can’t pick and choose, it all needs to be done in a coordinated way."
9911	You can’t rewrite that past out of your history.”
9912	“You can’t say the same when he plays for Arsenal, he is the target of the boo boys.
9913	You can’t understand that there’s hard evidence vs he said she said?
9914	You credit him with creating the modern-day Republican Party by siphoning off disaffected Democrats with the law-and-order themes in his campaigns.
9915	You'd be hard-pressed to find a 63-year-old native Dallasite more socially conservative than I. Since cradle days, I have faithfully attended the same downtown Dallas Southern Baptist church that my grandparents joined over a century ago.
9916	You don't have permission to access /2017/07/an-environmental-salute-to-george-canon.html on this server.
9917	You encouraged us as you inspired us and made us believe in our abilities to make a difference; however small.
9918	You endorsed him you tool!
9919	“You expect these things to come out of New York or Chicago,” said Portland Ovations Executive Director Aimee Petrin, who worked closely with Sonenberg to develop the opera and helped stage the concert version at Merrill in 2014.
9920	‘You handled the dress like a true professional…you didn’t miss a beat!’ she told her.
9921	You have oil, gari, beans, plantain etc. all in one bowl so you’ve got everything you need in a day and so there is no need for extra protein but unfortunately, people add meat and eggs to the food.
9922	You have to be 18 years-old to enter and it is one entry per person.
9923	You have to be sexy to raise money, and trafficking or slavery is sexy".
9924	“You have to hear about other people’s opinions on who you’re with,” she said in a confessional, venting her frustrations.
9925	“You just have to be super aware of where our children are all the time and that these instances can happen in the blink of an eye,” Clifton said.
9926	You just want to have the power to apply it against only your political enemies.
9927	You know and I know that it is African-Americans and Hispanics who are dealing with the brunt of education at this particular time.
9928	“You know, honestly I miss the Midwest so much, and so I wish that the day would come when we can move back and still tour and be a successful group and kind of live wherever we want to.
9929	You know, I’m an ambassador for the University of Texas, and if I do that job well, then by default, we’ve become, as a program, a good ambassador for the Big XII.”
9930	You know, Iran is spending money in various countries,' Trump assessed.
9931	"You know, so, he can talk a lot about women.
9932	You know you’re getting on when you lose track of the Star Wars sequels.
9933	You'll drag the mouse cursor over the body to massage it, breaking rigor mortis, before making a small incision in the upper right shoulder to insert a tube to inject embalming liquid.
9934	“You look at the vulnerability, I can assure you from this day forward, I have a carry permit, I will be carrying when I’m out and about,” Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY), a close ally of President Trump in Congress, said in an interview with WKBW.
9935	You made a comment about who was taking over the HOA payments.
9936	“You made the White House a place that belongs to everybody.
9937	You may also want to consider products from the Gardener’s Collection of Crabtree & Evelyn.
9938	You may have heard that President Trump’s new FCC chairman, Ajit Pai, is a critic of the government’s net neutrality rules — the regulations barring Internet providers from blocking or slowing down your websites.
9939	You may have seen a comment on your social media feeds that has been shared through various threads.
9940	You may want to use 2FA/MFA in conjunction with Single Sign On (SSO) to make it easier for employees to sign into your company’s system.
9941	You mean like Manson didn’t have to pay for it?
9942	You mean thousands of woman and children were terrorists too?
9943	“You mention children falling in the lake,” Barnett said.
9944	You might keep memory-scramble at bay with eggs.
9945	You might notice the 2018 Wrangler on the road soon, or you might not notice it at all because it looks just like the familiar Jeep -- on purpose.
9946	Young and the Restless spoilers suggest that Chloe is on borrowed time right now.
9947	Young hurt his kne…
9948	Your baby could hardly move in one crawling video.
9949	“Your digital footprint is permanent,” says Katie Smith, EVP of the compliance software company Convercent.
9950	“You’re always constantly working on when you can peak in the season.
9951	"You're effectively working for an entity that has no obligation to pay you," board member Thomas Fidler told the licensees.
9952	"You're finally seeing that looming scenario we've been talking about, where supply is filling up that pipeline capacity," Mr. Oberstoetter said.
9953	“You’re just disappointed it ends,” Prohm said.
9954	“You’re the total package.”
9955	You’re treading too close to Kardasianland for my comfort.
9956	“You’re vulnerable and weak, or sexualised, or you’ll be the strong one — but real women are all of those and more.
9957	Your Excellencies, honourable guests and fellow Compatriots, I would like to conclude by saying that men and women of this nation joined hands to effect a change that was in the making for many decades.
9958	Your father’s acts will make only problems for your future,” the notice warned.
9959	Your first satellites are scheduled to launch in 2018.
9960	“Your Honour there is an operation order outlining the duties, who will be in charge, the number of police officers, places to be covered, communication and transport,” he said.
9961	Your music has changed this world for the better.
9962	“Your sense of judgment in applying these skills would even be more apparent Now that we are confronting varied maritime threats in our portion of the global common and indeed the adjoining waters.
9963	Your teaching job will always be there, you have your degree to fall back on.
9964	You said 2008 devastated Mugabe so much that Zanu PF will rig him a victory next year?
9965	You see, nothing terrifies sports leagues and the TV industry more than unknowns.
9966	You see, reporting on trades is like producing a Hollywood movie.
9967	You see the Capitol Building and she flies up to the White House and lands into the middle of the street.
9968	You see those brown roofs, they're signs of ancient civilisation.
9969	You should ask the Madhya Pradesh police.
9970	You stumble through dilapidated houses, searching for remnants of the old world that can help you escape the woods.
9971	Youth between the ages of 10 and 16 who have had limited dove hunting experience are invited to register.
9972	YouTuber Gives Hilarious Demonstration Of How “Every Chainsmokers Song Is Written”
9973	You walk down the street, people take your picture, nothing is wrong with that,” Delplesche said.
9974	‘You want to turn them into compulsive gamblers, so they’re addicted to running back to you.
9975	You will be paired up with someone who knows the neighbourhood and we can also show you the ropes.
9976	You will have down days and you will feel upset, and your partner should be able to support you and relate to you during these times.
9977	You will need security for atleast 40,000+ fans and players.
9978	“You will not find a more student-centered educator,” said Superintendent Michael Nitti.
9979	You will see it from my new music video,” adding with more chuckles and teasing words.
9980	You will want to challenge this’
9981	You won’t want for historic coaching inns.
9982	“You would find yourself in a situation where the group uses that information to the point that it dominates the group’s decision-making.”
9983	You wouldn't believe the amount of times a day that we are getting calls or finding people."
9984	Y., said he told Trump “that Senate Democrats would fight any nominee that was outside of the mainstream.”
9985	Zack Greinke gets the ball for Arizona, while Hyun-Jin Ryu tries to cool off Martinez and company.
9986	Zacks Investment Research upgraded ServiceNow from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $106.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, April 28th.
9987	Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Expeditors International of Washington from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th.
9988	Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Gibraltar Industries from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th.
9989	Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Monotype Imaging Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, August 12th.
9990	Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Twilio Inc (TWLO) to “Hold”
9991	Zacks’ sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that cover Ladder Capital Corp.
9992	Zafar further said that he owes everything to Pakistan and its people.
9993	Zhukova and Abramovich, who is ranked number 139 in the Forbes magazine list of the world’s richest people, have two children together.
9994	Zielinski remains in prison at Oregon State Correctional Institution in Salem.
9995	ZIFA board member in charge of the finance portfolio, Philemon Machana, who transferred the money yesterday, revealed that the management had resolved to literally break their coffers to keep the Warriors, "happy, focused and motivated."
9996	Zimbabwe’s football problem child, Roderick Mutuma, is targeting the 2017 Castle Lager Premier Soccer League top goal scorer award after his move from Dynamos to bitter rivals Highlanders.
9997	Zimbabwe’s largest telecommunications company, Econet Wireless Zimbabwe has paid $1,2 billion dollars to Government in taxes since dollarisation, a senior official has said.
9998	Zohr discovery in the Shorouk block.
9999	Zurich Insurance Group’s board of directors announced it will elect the former group CEO of Swiss Re, Michel M. Liès, as its new chairman.
10000	Þórðarsson has also publicly called for an investigation into anti-gay violence in Chechnya.
